great rape hmm it is great look at you
yeah great great that's where I got it
that look alive one white we live we are
what a fancy beginning to be
professional Cheers my brother Cheers
nigger to see her to be here about good
to be here delicious good to see you
after that mentally intensive
carbohydrate versus fat I'm done you
genuinely came out of there looking
exhausted
it was a rough debate they were going
back and forth they didn't like each
other or mocking each other a little bit
but hopefully people got some
information out of it
two good guys they just different
positions they don't see eye to eye Joe
nope we're gonna do what are you gonna
do hear them out exactly so uh
apparently Ron why you have a mug shot
that we can add to our collection yeah
get one over here I'll have it framed
and send it on up
I mean make sure it's small enough to
put on that wall out there you know
it'll be a pretty big one I'd like to
have a pretty dominant spot over at the
tell me what you need experience I'll
give you a fuckin 6-foot tall one
brother all right
all right that's it six foot tall
life-size yeah fuck it yeah it was a bad
picture yeah they were really bad so
what this weird we're talking about this
this is a you got busted for weed
somebody ratted you out that there was
weed on your plane that they didn't say
there was weed on my plane they said it
was a drug smuggling plane and so
there's a hotline that you can call and
they do this pilots are not fired and
and so I'm just sitting on the plane
looking out the window and there's drug
dogs and people in vests and machine
guns and I'm like what's going on out
there well but you know as soon as they
determined that that's not what it was
then I just had some personal weed and
obviously somebody called in and allied
instead of going and arresting that guy
they took me to jail that makes no sense
at all and then in the newspaper the
sheriff goes well he might not have had
my
pop with him but who knows how much he
did have who knows I didn't kill
somebody
how about we just put me up for murder
right now yeah if we need no evidence at
all he knows he didn't steal larceny how
about that do something - they went they
drove by her head up here they drove by
three meth labs and a dead hooker just
to get to my plane and they're really
the funny part of it was the next day we
were gonna go somewhere else in in
Louisiana
and then now I've got a you know just
wewe can get rid of that's all we can do
because they they might do it again next
night next place more dry so now we've
got an apple we're smoking out of there
two of them on horseback and Alex feeds
that one of the horses he's walking by
take this is the lab they tried you
check your plant again they did check it
again but we we just had come up with
this little plan that you know we would
just would and he also had to eat a
little bag of weed and he was really
stoned on stage that's really stout but
you know we didn't go to jail that night
well if you eat just it just eat weed
we'll get you are yeah absolutely will
it takes a while but it was a big old
chaw of it I mean that's a big old bleep
full cheek full I'm surprised people
don't chew weed like there's no one out
there chewing it tastes like ass dude
that's which is why nobody easily even
the cookies you know they got a they
gotta watch it to keep in case there is
a growing number of people who juice the
leaves and drink it yeah you know like
wheatgrass juice they do it with the
leaves of cannabis plant I've seen
people squeeze it to make their giddy
like the concentrate out dude I think
they're they're sticking in one of those
masticators is that what they called
those things that make you know like
wheatgrass like yeah yeah they can get
juice out of fucking grass it makes
sense if you could get it out of I mean
if you get it out any plant right it
doesn't like getting a CBD out there
what's the point for health Ron oh yeah
you know it's like O'Doul's pot Oh
to tell you what's not bad the Heineken
shit that we got we have Heineken zero
zero or whatever the fuck it is it does
not taste bad it's no no alcohol in it
no taste so you don't get that annoying
buzz yeah you cuz how you guys had that
soccer sober October and it looked like
you were having a blast I have to admit
sitting from the sidelines there cowboy
the sober thing looks like a blast and
that I did have but November to remember
yeah we had no remember November yeah
sober October is interesting it's good
to do every year I like to do it you
think you'd ever do it yeah I don't
think I could not how many days you
think you take off you know really not
one and be very happy about it I've got
a little touch of alcoholism that
someday I'll need to deal with her I
won't but you know it's it's a
maintenance thing with me so a
maintenance as far as keeping your
mindset correct just feeling good like
what is it yeah you know it's just not
give a fuck juice I don't know it's just
something that I seem to require you
know it's like I can't wait for that
first drink of the day and then I
usually drink you know pretty much to
access every single night of my life so
I mean I'm not saying this is a good
thing and I'm certainly not bragging
because I see people that are sober and
I get jealous of them I'm like wow what
would that be like to you know wake up
feeling good every day and I'm so
committed to it I don't understand that
I mean I don't stand why I won't just
let it go but it's you know I know it's
such a big part of you know who who who
people perceive me to be but it's also
just a big part of how I perceive me to
be
well people who perceive you to be they
perceive you like if anyone has ever
asked me what's wrong white like I go
what do you think he's like oh great guy
likes to drink a lot always funny yeah
that's him that's you you have the
benefit of you don't have an act like
you're not putting on an act but you are
a character like you do that but as who
you are it's so much better like if
people found out you were some teetotal
and got like if you ever seen someone
who drinks fake shots on stage yeah yeah
that's rough
that's a rough place to be yeah
pretending to be boozing it up with a
dad come on well you know Brooks who was
the best I he'd foster Brooks was so
good at being a drunk was a teetotaler
Dean Martin as well not as he told me
but you know I don't think so and I hear
that but I've you know I've seen him oh
my when I did the Foxworthy roast I went
back and watched all those roasts yeah
and that guy was drunk and if you don't
watch movies he was in he was not a good
actor so it was acting and him and frost
to foster Brooks were in the same one
and Brooks was just so good and so edgy
and but you could tell which one was
really drunk and but I think a lot of
times in Vegas he might have had fake
drinks and you know or maybe people just
wanted to say that because it's a little
story right yeah but he looked like a
you know looked like he was fucked up to
me have you seen that show on I don't
know if you watch any Amazon Prime you
ever seen that show the marvelous mrs.
Mazal it's about a stand-up comic no I
see I hear about it all the time when
people are always saying it's really
really good it's fucking great
it's fucking what I just finished
something today so I'm looking for the
next watch that man especially season 1
season 1 just to season 2 is great - I
enjoyed it but people didn't give season
2 as much reward as much props as they
did I liked both seasons but there's a
woman in that it was my point who has an
she's putting on an act like she's this
really highfalutin lady who pretends to
be this chick from Queens and she puts
on a fat suit and does this act and it
drives mrs. Mazal fucking crazy she
hates it and she talks shit about her
and it starts out at spoiler alert I
won't say any more but it just that trap
of being a character right pretending to
be something that you're not I you know
I think that's and this might be a
little
a stress Joe I don't know but you know
the I think that's why Steve Martin quit
because he was a parody of a comedian
and which was brilliant and and so funny
I let's get small was one of my favorite
albums never and I took it with me
everywhere I went and played it for
people and then took credit for how good
it was even though I really had very
little to do with it except for spending
the money I remember when I was a kid I
listened to that long before I ever did
stand-up he was fucking great then right
goddamn he was great but he was doing
forty five thousand people a night would
even when he quit yeah I think that was
the problem I think he just got over he
I think he's like a lot of comedians
they feel a lot you know the nut numb
people they feel a lot I think for him
like this every day why I'm very good
I know how to get in touch with those
features everybody that's damaged feels
a lot and everybody the comic is damaged
you know what I think I got with that I
think with Steve Martin he was just so
big man I don't think I think he's
bigger than you or I combined like he
just would go onstage and they would go
fucking crazy didn't you make sense to
people and they're all so difficult for
him to perform what was fun anymore and
yeah so I think I mean it was a ballsy
thing to do fucking crazy and but and
then he walks straight into film and you
know everything he's done has been crazy
crazy successful no he's he's excellent
and I'd love to go see the band my Kathy
Nelson went you know Kathy runs the tour
thing she would see the band and went
back and talked to him said it was great
Wow
I'd like to meet him he lived if we
lived in the same town for a while and
I'd like to meet him but never ran into
him ran into Jonathan winters there a
couple of times what was he like he was
holding court at the post office and
it's 20 people around he's doing
character
he's killing at the post offices well I
sorry that was the second time I saw him
the first time I saw him was that he was
having lunch by himself and and I was
with another comic and he goes do you
think he'd mind if we went over there
and said hi an hour later we're like
well we gotta go it was Robins big
influence right right yeah that's uh
yeah that's true yeah he was so zany he
was so Zen who the fuck was like him
think of that he had had to start with
something right that's how I got I got
this theory that there's two kinds of
comics bridge builders and people that
walk across those bridges mmm I'm a big
Walker yeah I didn't even bring any of
this stuff I think well you gotta go
back to like Richard Pryor and Lenny
Bruce those are the big ones
and then Kennison Kennison because
Kennison taught us that somebody can
genuinely not like you yeah and you can
still make a lot yeah he also taught me
that you can punch down as low as you
want as long as it's funny right as long
as funny as long as your goodness that
fucking bit that he had about starving
children to this day I had an argument
with a guy on the podcast about it where
he was telling me that you you comedy
only punches up I go that's crazy
Kinnison had two of the best bits of all
time they were both punching down one
was about starving kids the other was
about necrophiliac money corpses but
that just down is you get me a fucking
body right there and both those bits
were fucking genius and it's the same
with is same with 9/11 you know if
you're good enough of a writer yeah you
can do material about that but if you
but if but you better be good
you better have somewhere to go that
yeah you better have somewhere to go and
I heard a couple of good pieces I don't
remember who did them but you know but
like the week afterwards the guy that it
was some guy that was the opening act
was trying to riff on it and I got him
over the side and I said hey dude not
this is my stage right here
normally I don't tell it to comics what
to do but until you have something to
say about it that's that's really really
funny I don't want you bringing it up
yeah that's that's a tough one because
you could kill the whole show some
middle act goes on and you lost friends
in the towers and that was a week ago
all right
I mean that there's like levels of
tragedy that's a real tough one to find
humor in I'm not saying that someone
can't do it
there's people people find comedy and
everywhere and it's legit they do right
there it's just the I you know how good
are you to avoid those things that's how
good I am I get it I get it I'm not good
enough to do it Patrice O'Neal had a
really great point about that he's like
all things when someone's trying to be
funny they all come from the same place
just some of them miss some of them just
aren't funny you can't get mad at those
right they came from the same place like
yeah I bet someone would admit that they
told a joke that wasn't funny whoops
tried right but they're not trying to be
mean like the the response sometime
right it just didn't work yeah it just
sucks but you know you when someone's
ad-lib and some things are gonna suck
but the response sometimes to one that's
like uh off you know it'll maybe a
little bit too harsh or maybe a little
too soon like people get so fucking mad
all right well you sent me a tweet about
that Cosby bit that I did and it was
really funny and but it it just stirred
the pot so much well you you think
rapist could no that's not what I said
at all that's not what I said at all I
made a joke that's it and and you do
that - I mean you stir up the pot big
time it's great and you'll just go watch
this and have a point though and if you
have a point and you really are trying
real hard to be a good person you just
have a point I just have a point on
things I'm gonna say it no you might you
might get mad but I'm not saying it to
be a bad guy I'm saying excessive what I
do for a living
so I do thought we find things you know
burr was telling me that he did
Caroline's in New York City was like it
was almost like a college gig
he's like people are so sensitive now in
New York oh you know he and I just did
the VFW hall in Hollywood and then the
and I was calling him about another
comic that I wanted I was just talking
to the bar I thought he was really funny
and I now can't remember his name Joe
DeRosa so Terrell says yes and I called
him and he goes yeah no he's really good
and and he goes how about I come over
and do it I'm like what course bill
whatever you want to do time I wanna
come on over well he was doing a bunch
of throw up stuff and and you know Minh
and I guarantee and my fans are pretty
split down the middle
but it did not go over well and he
didn't give a Fiddler's fuck about it
and so he just made a mad stirred about
for about a minute and then we both did
my set we smoked a cigar and he you know
he's not drinking either for another
like a year or so yeah it looks great he
looks really good he looks thin and
healthy yeah yeah yeah the Trump jokes
are interesting because I don't remember
anybody getting mad at you for Bush
jokes right it's Derrida's jokes right
yeah yeah even if you were like a bush
supporter you could crack a joke about
the way he spells potato or something
like then nobody gave a fuck I didn't
care it was a different thing even if
people were simply ambushed by the way
that spell potato wrong oh that's right
Wales Quayle that's right that's right
that's how these rumors get started man
against yeah you conspiracy dudes over
here blowing off this who spelled potato
wrong shit oh that's right it was him um
Bush fucked some things up too though
didn't he well there's a whole album
like the wit and wisdom of George W Bush
he says like fool me once shame on you
yes shame on me again I don't know you
know what's interesting about Bush is
when he was running for governor of
Texas he had a completely different way
of communicating
he talked like a really smart guy he's
very articulate I mean he was a smooth
smooth talker like I read good ww
there's a video of him but from back in
the day when he was running for governor
and he's great you listen to him I glue
this energetic intelligent guy's
articulate he seems like one of us and
then there's they had a side-by-side
video comparing him to like Bush after
seven years in office he's barely
hanging on as I pay attention to shit
he's given the reins to heaven and hell
to Dick Cheney Dick Cheney's in a bunker
seven miles underground making the
various decisions you know I mean it was
weird it was a weird time but you can
make fun of Bush all day long nobody
give a fuck you make fun of Trump today
people want to kill you I almost got
into scuffle the other day at the gas
station this guy just starts spouting
out stuff he was putting gas in his car
right over there and in just and by the
first words the sentence that came out
of his mouth from nowhere and said a
word of the guy didn't say hi to him
nothing Nancy Pelosi said dumbest person
that ever lived on this planet and and
and I get baited so easy I just said
probably not probably not that you're
probably wrong probably not Obama was an
idiot they graduated number one from
Harvard Law so yeah views politically
aside we can start with he's probably
not stupid and what a good speaker he
was the best guy was smooth the most
presidential
he was he was a guy that you were happy
to have represent you whether you
believe with his you know believe in him
and you support his ideas or not as a
representative of our culture of our
civilization that guy was smooth and
measured and articulate and and off the
book you know it most of the time it you
know he was just he was saying what he
thought he wasn't reading off of
scripted well you want the story about
Clinton being off the book Clinton was
such a good orator that the teleprompter
went off it broke like five minutes into
his fucking speech and he did all that
shit by memory
you see the whole goddamn thing by
memory and I played nine holes of golf
with him was he like and it was well
there's still security
Secret Service all around him right and
so it was a private golf course Larry
Ellison that owns Oracle Oh owns this
private golf course it has 14 he's a big
tennis guy so he puts on the tennis
stuff out in Palm Springs and nobody
plays this course and he doesn't play
golf and it's just as private as is the
deal his own course get his yeah he's
got his own course he played through our
group and Shadow Creek and Beverly Hill
I mean in in Vegas a really exclusive
course impossible to get on and and he
was playing by himself and he was gone
the tea box and I said it's lonely at
the top in hilarion he goes yeah I went
off by himself and but he went even
there but but Clinton was and he told me
a story goes his friend of his is a
record producer rap records big I didn't
tell me who it was and didn't tell me
who the artist was either but the artist
was all dug down he was in a Ferrari
store and and the salesman he goes are
you thinking about buying this car and
the guy goes no I'm gonna buy the car
I'm thinking about pussy the Clinton
told me a story that had the word pussy
in it
Clinton told me that that's a great
fucking story that is a great story that
poor bastard it's almost like a comic
like he could just be free yeah he was
like you think if he got divorced and
just started going on the honest Bill
Clinton I fucked her yeah I did I didn't
want to either what would you do what
would you do you're in my position what
would you do you're smart you know you
don't got but 40 years left to live how
to shove my pecker right in her mouth
that's what the whole idea of being the
fucking number one guy you got to be so
goddamn pussy hungry to want to be the
number one
hundred percent you gotta have big
appetites that's for sure for everything
yeah for everything for everything
that'll be a super conqueror yeah and
all those guys are seeing I'm not all
those guys I don't want to generalize
but it but it's really really common for
men that are in power positions to just
be horny as fuck yeah of course I mean
we got to go back with the way we want
these people to behave is so contrary
the way any king ever behaved ever in
history like the stories of kings
throughout history was always decadence
it was always you know all these women
one food more food you know feeding a
vast open sores and cutting off the
fucking ex-wives heads and shit that's
what you think of ordering armies people
protecting them it's like those people
were just gluttons today the super
gluttons of the world right and we don't
like that like so then we try to turn
someone into some fucking Norman
Rockwell person right and that doesn't
work either it's not you don't have
enough you don't you you don't have
enough charisma to lead yeah maybe you
know Trump is showing us that like you
could talk shit about him 24/7 365 days
a year
he's not adjusting anything in fact he
digs his heels in he's the same fucking
guy no matter what happens well you know
I I really don't like to get into month
row because it and the reason is I just
don't feel like it's my job I feel like
it's your job yeah my job is different
you know my job is to go up there and
just you know make them laugh and but I
don't want to be divisive yeah here you
know I just don't want to do it because
it's my fanbase is split and you know
I've had and you know nothing ever
really happens but I had a guy one time
because I said something to meet and
greet who is paid to take a picture of
me and then refuse to take a picture of
me because of what I said and I'm like I
don't give a fuck you know take a
picture leave that I don't give a shit
touching yeah but you know that's also
one of the it's like they're exerting
power over you I'm not even take picture
I'm gonna unfollow you on Instagram to
Ron White right
goddamn communist yeah what am I gonna
do yeah I thought one girls you said I'm
now I'm gonna in file you used to be
funny but now you're just filthy and I'm
gonna unfollow you and I know it doesn't
matter I said you can't leave all the
plants will die whenever you're in a
bind quote Bill Murray yeah people are
just so mean just want to hurt you run
white for no reason yeah but nobody
I've already been as mad as I can be mmm
and I'll never be matter and it happened
when I was 16 years old so it's hard to
make me mad and I'll tell you what made
me mad I just got my driver's license my
mother asked me to go to the store to
get something it's in the summer in
Houston I don't have any shoes on oh my
doorstep into a shitty Pampers that
somebody just thrown in the parking lot
and my VIN it and I didn't just put a
toe in and go oh that's baby shit that's
wrong I just shoved my whole foot into a
dream baby shit coming through my toes
smears all over the diaper right so I'm
stuck I don't know what to do I'm not
gonna get back in my mother's car with
this shitty foot I can't go into the
store with baby shit all over my foot
and I thought about just cutting my foot
off and just leaving it in the diaper
with a note that said used to be a
perfectly good fucking foot dude and
nobody's ever made me that mad sense I
was so fucking furious and I just wanted
to hate and kill but over a shitty
pamper that's crazy that was all it took
that's all it took that's all it took
but it was sold hey you know it just put
me in a I I've been stuck before it let
me tell you about the other time I was
stuck this will get us off of politics
I'm in my tour bus and I'm partying with
my buddy Steve my best friend my road
manager who passed away and and he never
gets laid but it looked like he had an
angle on this girl so I picked him up
here and went back to my bedroom which I
never do I set up there and dreams with
the guys and I go back there just to go
to sleep but I never take booze back
there or anything
but I'd gone back there and laid down
and I put that Dos Equis bottle on the
counter and then we took off during the
night while I was real drunk and Steve
was real drunk and the bottle falls off
brakes I don't hear it so in the middle
of the night my bed sits high because
you want to try to get those beds
towards the center the because it's on
those axles anyway but the closer it is
to the center the better it feels when
you're in it so you kind of slide off of
it about an inch and I my foot went into
a the bottom of the beer bottle that a
shard hanging off of it about an inch
and a half long and and I just and I
landed on it well now I know exactly
what it was and and somebody had hit the
master lights so I can't turn the lights
on you have to go back and turn them on
on the master switch but I know that
around me is broken glass everywhere
because I understand what happened I
understand that bottle fell broke and I
got it in my foot so I pulled my foot up
and I didn't know how big the shard was
and I just pulled it out of their blood
just starts gushing out
well Steve's passed out in the bunk and
he can't hear me I can't get to a phone
I can't see so what do I do
I just crawl back in bed went to sleep
and bled when and Steve said the next
morning I look like somebody killed a
hog in there and he has lifted up the
sheets even the bus driver saw my foot
and they're like eyes all right mister
Christ did you did you worry about
bleeding out cuz the only option was to
take another step and cut the other foot
and you have your phone with you
I wasn't within reach I was just stuck
yeah and I was also drunk right stuck
and drunk and bleeding that's a good
combination yeah yeah I was stumped I
didn't know what to do I didn't know how
to fucking combat it so I would just
crawl back and pad and I'm like what was
your foot thirteen stitches as soon as I
woke up and looked at him let's call the
hospital guys and then sewed it back up
thirteen on the bottom of my foot right
in the arch and
it was a you know it was it was mess it
was about good man every time if you
fuck your foot up you realize how much
you need them like you can fuck your
shoulder up and that sucks but yeah but
you shall walk somewhere and get
something yeah when your foot up you're
like oh okay this is this is a real
problem
any operation or something right I play
foot every play golf every day so oh
yeah it was a real problem with a real
problem me yeah every day every day I
can't not every day but every day I can
golf is one of those games man guys just
get fucking into golf
yeah it's you know it's you know look at
what you're into you know that it it
it's something that you do and you've
always done and and you just you just
keep doing it you know I've watched it
on television like it's a so pop right
as watched 80 hours of the players it
also gives me a reason not to exercise
you know cuz I got this golf to watch it
yeah well it golf does give you some
exercise though that's a fact you are
walking rather than being sedentary yeah
you're walking around and you're
thinking you know you plan and shit out
looking at the curves of that thinking
grass and measuring that yeah we're
trying to work out solve problems and so
I get it I'm just terrified terrified
I'll be one of you guys out there every
day yeah alright now I know five friends
that go out every day you probably one
of them other guys I do too every time
they get a chance the guys I play with
you every day yeah if you can pull it
off it's like a gentlemen's leisure way
of life yeah you know it's always back
when I was a club comic that's how I
killed the day guy start playing when I
was like 13 and so I would just go to a
golf course and you know she moves out a
deal where I could play golf there every
day and you need jack shit to do during
the day in clubs for 15 years right you
know I'm doing 48 weeks and I'm making
500 a week or whatever it was when I
started and you know as a middle act out
there you had to work them all you know
because you needed the $500 real bad
yeah do you ever look back on those days
look like you reminisce you know what I
it
it's a good thing for me that this was
the path of least resistance right
because isn't no one forced and up I'd
be a regional marijuana distributor in
the state of Texas and in an industry
that has some questions coming up so you
know I did it because I loved that but
it was also fun fun fun you know and and
and it was easy for me I didn't mind the
travel because I like drinking free and
bars and and and and you know you know
practicing this art form and you know
and I but I never ever thought it would
you know go where it went you know if
people asked me how do I do that I'm
like a fire while I did it and that was
right there when it happened I have no
idea I barely remember it did you live
in Mexico for a little bit mm-hmm
in fact there's a really really really
good PGA player from the same town I
lived in that played golf every day
where I played golf I didn't know him as
young he would have been a let's figure
it out and would he would have been he's
like 21 or two now and he was at he was
on them in the heat for this tournament
he was Abraham answer is his name and
born and Reynosa Mexico way they
actually born across the border because
there's no wall right they just come
over there have a baby so that and but
his parents must have been fairly
well-off for that part of the world you
know did to do that but he's great he's
great not dig it because I you know and
I see where he came from exactly you
know it's where my son made a
hole-in-one what was 8 years old was on
the compensatory golf course and Reynosa
Mexico
I mean holds and one does the guy get in
his career I've had one my sons had one
you know like the big guys maybe 16 17
18 there's a whole pie in a whole
lifetime there's no equivalent in other
sports yeah everyone there's no
equivalent in any other
game right there was a double eagle the
what's that mean that's where you make a
two on a par five so that means you suck
a hole from 260 to 262 yards out you
made it on the second shot oh wow
there's very rare oh very rare but
there's still a double eagles slightly
less rare than a hole one way less
reckless way less rare because a hole
because that par-3 could be as much as a
hundred and twenty-five yards you know
and then most of them are made on the
longer 185 but you know you're not guys
like me aren't hitting the par 3 from
you know 235 you have you think about it
I guess there's nothing like that in any
other game or sport hole-in-one where it
just works out perfect maybe you'll walk
off grand slam or yeah maybe way more
often yeah way more well yeah way more
often than the hole-in-one for how many
people try yeah you know you don't get
many chances at that right Grand Slam
but I'm gonna try to have anything make
pitch at you you're definitely gonna hit
the ball it's right there
like that golf ball is just right there
I mean you might not have a good lay but
you're definitely gonna hit it my saying
on the right yeah well yeah well if you
hit a foul ball you got to play it you
gotta go find it yeah it's just it seems
like the odds of you getting a
hole-in-one must be off the charts it
must be like a thousand to one or a
hundred thousand to one or something
crazy like that yeah maybe I mean most
people maybe never you know what do you
think the numbers numbers would be what
are the odds I'll fuck your hole-in-one
I think let's throw the math to those
carb guys yes my son made one the 11th
day ever played golf in front of me and
his coach and his best friend and no and
it was a 95 yard par 3 from the regular
women's tees with the u.s. Kids Club a
driver that I still have Wow and and it
just straight at the hole he had a crate
golf swing kids if you tree tomorrow you
know his golf coach was good even though
they spoke a different language they
understand
Golf and how to teach him that swing and
so he was good at it and he didn't
really play much anymore it's not his
thing but it slanted ten yards in front
of the pin bounced wise roller right in
the middle of Cup and I know at this
point I've been playing golf for thirty
years and I'd never done it and so it
was a big deal and he got his name in a
couple of newspapers and they mentioned
him on the Golf Channel he was a
youngest kid that had made a hole-in-one
that year that was registered and then
like two weeks later a six-year-old hit
since I was like you know they took all
the joy out of it for him yeah that was
one kid he was lucky he hit his win on
off a mailbox you're you're winning off
a perfect golf shot golf shot that's a
hard thing to learn right that swing
yeah you know it is a really difficult
thing to do and it's it's just a it's a
thing that you learn how to aim it's
like a bow and arrow you know even
though that's a little easier to teach
somebody how to do but to do it
exceptionally well you know it's a it's
it's not easy to do hmm and and or a
slingshot how to get the power at the
right spot or or even fly casting it's
not power everywhere it it's power in
the right spot yeah that was it and limp
of the wrists yeah and so it's it's it's
hard to do but it's fun to do once you
once you once you learn how to hit a
good solid golf shot yeah and the ball
comes off the way as opposed to it's you
know it's bliss I'll tell you something
here's here's a story about golf my best
friend who passed away died of brain
cancer so they had done a surgery on him
that had just down scars down his neck
down his back where they were trying too
hard they were you know they were
shooting it you know he was already you
know he had it should have had a death
sentence we just weren't saying it out
loud and we were at my place in
Montecito and we had thrown everything
at this cancer but the kitchen sink and
we were looking for the fucking sink you
know and and it Steve goes let's go a
golf course man he goes I'll help you
read some putts he was always good at
reading putts we've been playing golf
since we were little
we've known each other since we were six
and and so when I got my clubs out his
clubs were in there too so he reaches
into his pill bag and takes another pill
of pain pill and said I've thrown mine
on there right you know I might take a
swing so and he did off the first tee
box and it hurt and it wasn't very good
and and and he just winced and but every
once in a while he'd put a ball down and
hit it and when we get to the 17th holes
part 367 yards long oh and he hits his
drive with his with his driver and and
it fades off a little bit the right but
he caught it and so it was up kind of by
the world by the green but the pin was
kind of on the other side and I was like
great you know that and and so he hits a
chip shot which is easier to do and he's
always really been good at that and he
hits it to about 7 feet and I'm like oh
my god he's got a 7-foot putt for a par
and he makes it and this dying man gets
the biggest grin I've ever seen in my
life and it was crooked because his
muscles had been cut but it just brought
him pure fucking joy and then I got to
see the last party everybody so and I
got to witness that you know joy so
that's awesome
that's pretty cool that's golf you know
okay you know if it means that much to
you you know it could make you feel
better if you do it right one that I get
it I think it's like in any difficult
game like that i guess it would be like
that with a lot of games but there's
something about golf too that it's very
physical and you're doing it outside
it's one of the only things you have to
do outside you know other than I guess
you could do tennis inside like really
right but Golf is a fucking giant ass
course you're gonna be walking gotta go
outside yeah okay I do it in a golf cart
but you know I walk I walk from the golf
cart to the ball going on going on but
you got to stay loose you know that's
why that's the only reason I do yoga is
is to keep my lower back and my you know
keep everything moving around and
yeah well it's just got it's all got to
turn you know around your spine and that
you know I'm 62 years old and and so
that's just you know harder to do and
then unless you keep you know you got to
keep those muscles stretched out yeah to
be able to do it at all
yeah I think it's like that with uh
anything where you're moving your body
as a unit martial arts stuff anything
you better let see as you get older in
particularly you better be really aware
of all the moving parts when you're a
kid you can just fucking hit the gas
when you hit 50 you better be you know
you're swinging up tennis racket or
something like that you better be aware
of your shoulders and your knees yeah
where of all these moving parts how old
are you 51 51 little wait wait wait 462
I'm not waiting what's up here's tiger
and tigers back injury for back
surgeries oh no he had another one like
this isn't like yesterday or anything
was from oh okay you're - oh good
wise announced that he had undergone
anterior lumbar interbody fusion oh
that's fusing his dicks many thought
many thought his discs many thought that
his competitive golf career was over in
his fourth surgery since March of 2014
which involved removing the l5 s1
intervertebral disc fusion material to
connect the l5 and s1 vertebrate wats oh
my god although he's apparently
recovered quite well from the operation
the surgery is quite rare amongst
professional golfers one of the PGA
player Dudley Hart had also had had a
fusion in the same location as Woods
fucking fusions rough man that means
there's no disk left right and he won
the that whatever they call the FedEx
Cup the last tournament of the year you
know last year Tiger won it and so he
came back from that that's incredible
oh it is amazing and I was there is that
East Lake in Atlanta and
and I do all their all their charity
stuff yeah that's the footage of him
going up to 18th green he's about to win
this thing and it's this is the the top
30 golfers in on the PGA Tour which is
the toughest tour there is there's all
these people jazz now you're in sport
that everybody gets to run on the field
and follow him right walk right next to
him there's no crowd control there I was
right up there I was right up there
above this green because i-i've walked
with because I get to go inside the Rope
so and I followed it a couple of fuckin
choked that he didn't matter this is the
one he needs right here the short set
yep yeah they get a two-shot lead going
into that and that's it and they want
anyone the whole thing yeah that was the
comeback you know that was the comeback
that people said would never happen that
he never did not especially at this
level that's a hard tournament to win I
mean that's a that's tough tough slop
mmm back Tigers back Tigers back that
love um the require a lot from people
you know if if they get some strange
along the way that guys he's he got it
rough after his whole divorce and sex
scandal he had raw for a long time
people were coming after him but the
thing is about those back surgeries is I
wonder why they did the fusion because I
think they do articulating discs now it
seemed to be very effective at you know
I think he tried I'm we have to get
Boyett for so because people are that
are doing those they've got those discs
down they put like a titanium moveable
disc basically takes the place of the
disc that's in the in your back Eddie
Bravo had that done was it yeah I play
all these uh okay programs increased
offers performance via an anterior
approach is that it spares the large
muscles of the back that are critical to
golf swing which potentially makes the
recovery for athletes athletes a bit
easier but I would imagine whoever was
looking at Tigers back
about the best person in the world to be
looking at it so I'm sure they would he
had a pretty big budget for it yeah I
mean you would want I mean they must
have like really calculated it thought
was what the best move was maybe um if
they put an artificial disc you would
move funny I'm good I don't know man
that hold the back things rough one you
ever had any back problems I don't have
a lot of any kind of problems except a
little alcohol thing that I got going a
little squeaker and and but I play golf
with guys in these programs and most of
them are you know football basketball
players and most of them around my age
and most of them are in pain you know
they would it turns out smoking pot
watching cartoons good for your knees
yes my refine and I just didn't get hurt
you know I didn't I played golf when I
was on the golf team yeah I sucked but I
was on the golf team and junior high in
high school and football too but life of
relative leisure is good for the joints
right it's good from where I'm laying it
yeah the fucking the knees and the
ankles we were talking to Camaro Guzman
yesterday who's UFC welterweight
champion he's at five knee surgeries
both of his knees are basically bone on
bone can't run anymore I had all kinds
crazy out and you still fight then of
destroy these people with no doesn't
just fight he destroys people he's the
best
he just beat tyron woodley who was the
best before him it's fucking crazy I
mean when I laughed so hard when a guy
goes my balls got hot you go there was
the best come the best thing you could
have possibly service I understand love
that guy Lewis is he's a he's a genius
he figured out a way to be himself he
forgot his Instagram page no no yeah if
there's anything fuckin crazy going on
the world Derek Lewis has on Instagram
page his Instagram page is the best
people found out about it I gave him a
shout-out to his Instagram page on one
of the UFC broadcasts and now it's got
like what does he have how many
followers you have an island 0.6 miles
1.6 million
it's that good though it's fucking chaos
he always gets videos deleted and
removed but apparently they leave them
up there I mean they're not threatening
to take them down I don't think I hope
not every it's where I go to take a look
at it any fucking dummy that's trying to
like like light a bomb under a tire and
fly through the air and smash the roof
of a fucking garage with his face he's
got all that shit motorcycle accidents
or people trying to do wheelies and they
fall it lands on them anything fucked up
on the internet Dare funny he's got it
all anything crazy just fucking he's a
hilarious guy but the fact that he could
say something like that you know like he
starts selling t-shirts afterwards my
balls is odd t-shirts so they don't I
got one
I don't think real people listen to
anything that's being said about I need
one of those shirts I mean I need one of
those shirts please Derek oh my god this
is your character fight his ass off to
Saudi what what I know it's your show
but what how many fights do you do now
and does anybody care about a fight you
don't announce Javed first super care
yeah I do ten a year ten year ten events
a year I'm doing like the big paper
views like yeah there's a lot of them
that are overseas but they want you to
be the voice right it's done all the
time and all the time with all with the
podcast and with doing stand-up and you
know making Netflix specials and shit
right no time right now I know there's I
like it better when I do it once a month
like what's like 10 times years
basically once a month or I like I like
that better because it seems like that's
um and it's the higher profile stuff I
don't mind though there's a lot of
fights that are not that high profile
that it looks like they're crosby Stills
and Nash and you're young
you just pop in and do the big shows and
that's funny people you know ya hear as
much I love geminate man I love doing it
I still do but it's it's amazing to me
how many people that I'm me cuz I talk
about you and I'm proud I love our
friendship and I but I really want to
hear you a lot and I admire you for a
lot of reasons but one of them is that
you're famous for a lot of things and
some people don't know you is all of
those things I don't know if anybody
does well probably because they listen
to the podcast and there's millions of
them but still that I don't think you
know I don't think is this common for
people to know how good a comedian you
are you know of course they don't unless
they've seen you you know live because
they might think of you as the guy from
The Fear Factor or the or the man show
or or UFC and you're famous for all
those things and stand-up comedy that's
a that's that's crazy but i but i but I
find myself defending you sometimes
going listen to his fucking stand up go
watch turn on Netflix and watch that
last special watch all of them there
it's really really good stuff he's one
of the only people that really makes me
laugh and and and I feel like I'm out
here spreading the word you got a
podcast it reaches the entire universe
and I'm explaining Joe Rogan to people
so listen I love you and I appreciate
you so you saying that to me means lots
of it thank you
well that's anyway baby shit all over my
fucking foot I'm saying is it and I'm
not over it I'm just not over it it's a
good thing to be angry if you're gonna
have one bad moment in your life that's
a fucking that's a mountain jacquard you
couldn't hose it off your foot right
fine there's no O's that's what I'm
trying to say I can't it was Nance there
was no house I get it it was no fucking
house I get it so what would've been
stuck if there would have been a hose
that was in the parking lot of a grocery
store Jimmy will be telling me that
Conor McGregor was mad at me for
something will be saying I could pull up
the video I guess what was he doing is
that illegal we allowed to say what do
you say something like a script I talk
off script on script or we call fights
on his good dad
really true cuz no one ever gives me a
script that's fact I mean I don't know
what exactly said but maybe just didn't
like my commentary I bet he likes it
when he wins right you know you had his
picture and you're right here in the
what do you call this place in the
studio the actual quote is I'd like him
to call a fight how he sees it correctly
instead of reading off a script though
well that's that's that's a you know
that's his perception I understand what
he's saying you know sometimes people
think that but you know it's very
difficult when someone's calling your
fight
if he's talking about me calling
someone's fight that's not his friend
then that makes much more sense it's
fucking hard man it's hard for me it's I
have a really hard time calling friends
fights it's fucking hard I don't you
know I don't know him that well but I
like him a lot
I respect he's fun to watch him fight
that's for sure do me play it yeah sure
go ahead play
nice flavor MacGregor without black line
same way is too
so he's talking about they must ask you
to do the podcast yeah I get his
position uh you know that Diaz fight was
good fucking fight man was a hard fight
I wasn't calling it like the last fight
but I had to call it with the knowledge
of the last fight I had to know what
happened in the last fight in the last
fight Diaz survived the storm tagged him
had him rocked and then finished him on
the ground it doesn't mean that he
didn't win the second fight it was close
fucking fight the second if I was a very
close fight but you have to acknowledge
that that other fight took place he also
said it like with a smile I think that
guy is one of the most dynamic
individuals to ever compete in the sport
he's a special person very special
person very unusual guy even if he
doesn't beat khabib ever again or you
know he loses to this guy loses to the
Floyd Mayweather who cares he's still
one of a fucking billion human being
he's an unusual guy the amount of
electricity how fucking good man he
starched Jose hey Aldo is one of the
greatest featherweights if not the
greatest next to max Holloway of
all-time starched him with one punch
when Aldo was Aldo Aldo was the fucking
man I mean he was the man he was
smashing everybody for years and Conor
talked so much shit to him and climbed
so deep inside his head and infuriated
him to the point we were so emotional
and he came charging at Connor and
Connor just slipped back and Bank
dropped like the best one punch knockout
in the history of the sport oh no shit
Oh hundred percent because it was so
significant there was so much hype
behind it it was a guy we're like how
good is this guy is this guy really the
next big thing or is he gonna fall apart
when he meets a real champion like Aldo
and then he knocks him out with one
fucking punch but it was crazy and then
hammer fist annoys out when he's on the
ground him was definitive fourteen
seconds of the first round he throws a
hopping sidekick he's gauging the
distance he's got like this karate
stance and then he sees Jose a load up
here you could watch it right here he
sees Jose a load up and when he sees
Jose a load up he
he had this fight one guy I play he had
this fight won even before I mean he
knew how it was gonna go down
he knew what aldo was gonna do he was
real emotional and angry so he knew he's
gonna come forward
so he's gauging his distance my pain see
that BAM I mean that was like one of the
most spectacular shows in the history of
the sport because it had so much meaning
to it it was so important it was for the
featherweight championship of the world
Connor had already won the interim title
him and Aldo facing each other this big
hype thing took a year to put together
crazy so that he's awesome
did you call that oh yeah yeah I think
the only time I've ever yelled out he
slept him when someone got cracked I
don't even know why I said it just like
that's that's what came to my head it
just I just yelled it out he said that's
that's what he did he slept him I saw
that special about that guy who
announces for world wrestling or
professional wrestling the guy will take
the snake yeah no you got to be
announced oh I'm sorry
which guy Jim Ross you know he's got
real bad PTSD and he's corrupt but he's
a great he's a star and that was it's a
book but some a documentary that I saw
and I can't remember the guys name when
they do it and in 20 minutes I would
still not remember the guys name hmm
but it was it was great and he's really
good I mean they sought after for big
events he does all their big events or
there he did and then he's like fall off
into a this crazy de precios thing and
then they didn't he'd come back and you
know it was it was a great story I wish
I could think of it I would think you'd
know who that was mara Oh was it more oh
yeah yeah more one oh yeah more oh does
a Showtime boxing - what's that is that
your phone run is that your phone did
sings back in black yeah I think the
special is called bipolar rock and
roller yeah yeah and Mauro's been on the
pike
test for he's a buddy okay he's a great
announcer a really really nice guy too
but yeah he suffers from mental illness
and he does a really good job of talking
about it and making sure that other
people know this is not something that
you should be ashamed of you know
let's go message for my son okay love
you dad
oh he does that in the middle of nowhere
for no girl that's awesome man Rob white
getting some love but yeah more more oh
is he used to do pride he's the pride
commentary he's done a lot of boxing he
did Showtime boxing he does WWE he's
done a bunch of an MMA shit too
you know a bunch of different
organizations I think he even did glory
for a while he does Bellator - that's
right he does Bellator he's a really
good guy yeah mental illness is a weird
one man you walk away from it from
Washington documentary a fan you know go
even if you don't know anything about it
I love wrestling when I was a kid and I
was a big wahoo McDaniels fan was Wahoo
McDaniel came up during the Bob Backlund
days yeah this is it's Kay he was a
Dallas Cowboy at one time he was from
Midland Texas and he was Cherokee Indian
and oh yeah look at him and he look like
a comedian a regular like shaky green or
somebody looks like yeah who does he
look like so he would he would come out
now I this is the first my first
encounter with my first encounter with
the bracket that is what it's buddy
hackett yeah so I my cousin who's a few
years older than me I'm visiting my
relatives up in this little town north
of Amarillo and so we go down to al 660
miles down to Amarillo and he's going to
take us to the Sportatorium to watch the
super inferno
who I hated I mean this is on the local
television all over the you know taxes
than they and and they but one of the
stops was there
than and and so we win that I had and I
don't think I'd been to one yet it was
my first one and and I loved Wahoo
McDaniel cuz he gets out there and just
he comes back from anything right yeah
you think he's out of it out of it he
just he is amazing and fun and you know
I just loved him loved him look and and
I hated the super inferno because he was
like rushing or something hit on you
know something that they would it was
easy you know to hate because we were
all the propaganda we were getting about
Russia it was like their women are ugly
I'm like no they're not you know it took
me a while it was like it was all like
Pittsburgh because we talked so bad
about my relatives about Pittsburgh
because they hated the Steelers and I
just had this image of Pittsburgh of
this dark cloudy people bent over gray
in the face and yeah first time I drove
into Pittsburgh I was like like this
place is gorgeous look at this place
it's a blast it's a great place to
perform oh yeah yeah it's always you
know it's always been a big big stop for
me I mean once I got out of the club's
yeah Pittsburgh's great Cleveland's
another one that's very underrated yeah
Cleveland's fucking towers had a blast
playing they didn't prop that in the
flats man and that did a bar right there
in the parking lot it was like man this
is one-stop shopping right for around
white how many of what dates you doing a
year these days 110 cities last year and
then and then I you know and then I'd
try to do sets when I'm in town and and
the and I should do more you know I got
a nice is it to have a store though you
know it's great yeah I went to the
memorial and Brody's yeah and you know
I'd like to just tell your listeners
that you never know when it's going to
be the last time you see somebody so
don't ever ever hesitate to say I'm
gonna need that money
you're gonna write
you can't do it later from their mother
you know you can't do that it's a very
good point that so don't forget that
every time I saw it Brodie I gave him a
hug that's one thing the protein and I
always have him caught with always
always every single time I saw Brody
I've gave him a big hug like he's a big
hugger yeah yeah you know I only knew
him as a brother you know you know I
feel important feel like it's important
to me to be a part of the comedy
community you know participate in it you
if you're out there and you're a
comedian and you want to be a comedian
you can be a comedian but you got to go
be a comedian yeah and you got to do it
every day yeah you know every you know
for the most part I know you're the same
way
I mean I know that you'd never pass up
an opportunity to get behind the
microphone whether it says eight or ten
million people to listen to this or
there are 65 people and whatever doesn't
matter that matter to me you got to do
it all all the time I saw way to do it
right all the time you lose the touch
with the reality of it and also its pace
rhythm could be in and how comfortable
you are in any situation you know this
situation is just me and you talking or
26 people I play The Laughing Skull in
Atlanta the 65 people sold out it's one
of the hottest rooms I've ever had my
hands I love that joint in that cool
place did that place a couple years ago
yeah that was my hang when I lived out
there what a great place to practice
yeah oh it was it was great it's a great
staff - it's like a they're like comedy
fans right people that work for text was
a really cool bar game great burgers
right and they sell a lot of number one
tequila baby nice yeah that's a great
little spot if you could have a that's
what every city needs right they need a
great little comedy community you know
where you got up and comers that are
really working on it people that really
appreciate right yeah well there was a
really good comedy scene in Atlanta and
like a couple of guys that won Last
Comic Standing came out of Atlanta and
that's great I'm so bad with names like
yeah but if you stopped and think how
many real comedy communities are there
in the country I don't think there's ten
you think there
10 well you know st. Louis has always
had one Chicago's always Denver's always
had one and of course LA New York
Houston Houston Kansas Nixon Greenlee
and pineapple did you know works with
pineapple once you know any used to do
he would drive all the way across
Houston to ignore me that's funny
he did it he did it all the time and I
had no reason to be there and I and I
know that some of those guys didn't like
me because I don't I don't know why I
don't know why but they were really
really cliquish and I went in there one
night and had a horrible set and and I
was following Hicks and you know and I
had a really green show but in the right
circumstance you know in a comedy club
with nothing great happening before you
it kind of worked a little bit that
night didn't work at all and but and I
was probably getting a little more work
than those guys were some of them and
they were like oh he sucks well the fact
of the matter is I did suck I'm
accustomed I hacked would up you know
you don't want to follow me say that to
make the story better I wasn't following
Hicks but he was you know or Kennison
but they were both there okay and I had
done set but everybody was good I mean
the greenly was good all these guys were
seasoned pros that was a hot line up and
but but I never felt what you know like
they hit II of them like me except for
Hicks and I came to see him you know do
do shows and I asked him to do the story
about just a John Davidson and the man
yeah and then he goes here's what he
says he goes don't stand next to the
exits just a tip cuz people just walk
out of the show when I watched him do
that
he he he did that at the Knicks comedy
stop in Boston and he cleared the
fucking room and it was it was crazy
because at the end of the show there was
me and Greg Fitzsimmons and maybe three
or four other comics
five or six people in the crowd there
was like maybe 20 people left all told
laughs and our fucking asses all right
everybody else is getting up angry
I saw it go both ways you know I've seen
B crowds to death I saw a set one night
at the last stop in Austin and nobody in
the room could breathe and he was in the
mood to do it and you know and you know
and that and I think sometimes he was
and sometimes he wasn't
yeah or whatever but he was in the mood
and decided to just fucking stab us all
in the face and and it was just it was
beautiful he was exceptional you know
whether or not people think he was one
of the greats like that that's entirely
subjection --all right it's subjective
rather it's completely up to your own
interpretation but to me he changed
comedy in a lot of ways because he made
people talk about things that were
important because everybody else was
talking about nonsense you're talking
about airline food and how come I can't
lose I see standard normal ships and he
was coming along talking about positive
drug stories you know a man on acid
realize it all matter is many energy
condensed to a slow vibration like that
whole fucking bit was here's Tom with
the weather that bit was amazing yeah no
no it was anyways influential I mean I
don't I think I I can say this about
Bill Dixon and I am an expert at
stand-up comedy I would have a triple
doctorate in if you gave those kinds of
things for the work I've the amount of
time I've put in 200 and in and you as a
peer would have the exact same thing so
for me to listen to someone's opinion
about stand-up comedy they have to have
a lot of cred to me where I really give
a shit what they think okay so here's
what you should think the only thing
that every comic from my generation
agrees on is he was better than us
hmm and that's the only thing that they
agree on and
and they and I can't find anybody that
has a big argument that he was and that
was the best that ever lived no but did
he influence me more than anybody else
in view probably more than anybody else
because you're certainly that way also
right somebody built that bridge yes and
you now you feel free to talk about
anything you know none of yours actors
ever hack you know there were a lot of
hacks but I think Diggs freed people not
to be a hack you know yeah he he cared
people that he made it shameful you know
I'm talking about hack but there was
also one you cured above stealing
material I guarantee you it's if there's
a chain reaction to it just like Kraft
getting caught getting a blowjob that
shut down business all cooked until
United States nobody walked into a spa
without wondering whether or not it was
a sting operation and your name was
gonna be blown out on them
isn't that crazy but here's the thing
they they get this guys that there's a
video this guy doing a massage so
they've got video of it right and at the
end the girl jerks them off what if she
didn't jerk him off what if she just
gave him a massage what kind of a fucked
up invasion of his privacy if he just
went in there to get a massage
right or was everybody just getting
jacked off I would imagine when you send
him a plea deal to drop the charges I
don't know what happened really
he ratted everybody out I need to stay
around kids well I gotta tell you you
know I was so lonesome you know I took
some comfort there you know to my
lifetime as the Paul Simon once wrote
and okay I'm not I'm you know what I'm
not gonna say it because it's just not
work yeah it's not it's not yeah but
everybody seems to be perfectly aware
that they could be washing your feet
yeah and you know and that's fine yeah
why is it that a guy like that would go
to a place like that like he's so rich
you know what he has a guy if you don't
have a guy you get a guy like no further
a cleaner look
look no further than in and this is ever
everybody's gonna realize how fading my
memory is now but the English actor that
got caught with the yes Elizabeth
Hurley's husband Hugh Grant that's
regret right yeah look at Hugh Grant
married to the hottest woman on the
planet at the time all right
ruthlessly hot well yeah amazingly hot
you look at me what married you either
yes boyfriend/girlfriend and and even I
couldn't understand that right I mean
because I you know I've I've been up
with a couple of hot chicks before in my
life but this was he wanted it freaky
yeah he and I you know I get that and it
comes back to that appetite thing that
guys have you know I've gotten a hand
job from somebody and I admit this and
it was the best sex I've ever had in my
life because it was somebody that was
number one it was a great massage and
then this tantric thing going on and and
and you know and and it but it was
fantastic
hmm and and pricey and and and it's free
most anywhere and that's in Vegas as
legal as it can be right you know they
have milking tables that have a hole
you're digging through and they do table
look it up
they got it for the guy he lies in a
stomach well you don't know crack with
that hard-on fella gets laid on your
back no but it makes more sense
identically to have like a hole in the
bottom of the table it'll be on the
screen I'm sure soon and I'm not all I'm
saying is that in Lincoln Canada they
you know or the most of the rest of the
world right it's getting a tug is really
not considered a crime of any kind
whatsoever and is harmless and who gives
a shit well why is it okay to massage
your feet but it's not okay to massage
I would rather massage my dick than my
own feet I would and I proved it on a
regular basis yeah regular basis I think
the problem really is sex trafficking
that's the problem here you know that's
the worst thing exactly that I can
imagine but it but it but again I'm not
gonna no no because it's the most
horrific thing you can have that's the
most horrific thing you can imagine is
taking some image launched in that
series about taking Madeleine and I'm
and so I'm like I just can't even that
that I would you know I would support
any anything any way shape or form
yeah to have it stomped out spend
billions of dollars put boots on the
ground you know you know thought if you
can in any way you can women who are
trying to be legitimate sex workers
whether or not you think that's the
thing they you know doesn't matter what
I think it you know go damn stirrer damn
before I took my mother to Barcelona yes
I wanted a little three-day stopover
before I spent eight days with mom and
Barcelona and and their signs don't take
pictures of our sex works that and our
sex workers not sex with our sex works
right and I mean they they totally own
it and go hey this is not a bad deal you
know that you know you you're you know
what you're qualified to do make french
fries or it turns out you're super hot
and and you in our country you can have
this job or in LA or in this country you
can have that job just not everywhere
but yeah there's only a couple spots in
this country right click carded Nevada
yeah Nevada for I think that you know I
don't even know yeah I think just about
I think that's it but it's to me here's
what I realized is important okay I play
Vegas a lot right I'm 10 weekends a year
at the Mirage and marijuana is is legal
recreationally now and they have the
biggest dispensary in the world
like a like it's like Universal made it
or something you know it's God well went
in there it was fantastic and
prostitution is legal you can get a
little drink of liquor 24 hours a day
seven days a week and I realized that
I'm a law-abiding citizen here when I'm
standing on this part of the United
States ground I don't break any laws at
all
I can be free that's why I feel so good
when I go to the Vegas that's why people
go do you like Vegas do you get tired of
it I'm no no you don't worry cuz I can
breathe deep motherfucker that's why I
could be Who I am
yeah I can do it openly yeah I can you
know and and and so can everybody else
and you get a that and that's why oh
yeah I've sold out a hundred fifty shows
and they're gonna sell you the the you
know the you realize it's the law that
causes the paranoia you know and because
when you're in Amsterdam in one of those
coffee shops smoking a joint drinking a
badass cup of coffee yeah it's fun and
free you know it freeing and and it's
the way it should be you know the the
fact of the matter is the same thing
happens to me in Florida with just a
little bit I'm handcuffed taken to jail
and and move from City Jail to County
Jail and processed and fingerprinted and
photographed they printed my address on
the internet so people anybody in the
world could just walk straight over to
the house I don't think anybody did
because nobody gives a shit they except
for a people a few people did right Ron
White has a jet that's the part I don't
believe but anyway yeah man it's the law
is the real problem when you make
alcohol illegal you you made organized
crime big that's what happened that's
what they did learn that from
prohibition they should be learning that
from all all the drug problems we have a
guarantee of marijuana we'll be selling
for the price of corn in 20 years
because it takes the same no matter ever
to grow it right no it's easier it's
really easier you probably need less
pesticides right you know there's
there's a gigantic problem south of our
border folks with drugs and it's because
of us
it's 100% because of us we mean not us
like you and me I don't do any drugs
they sell the pot that I get I get from
people that grow it in California but
there's a lot of people that buy coke
and if you buy coke or meth you're
probably buying it from someone down
there and you know there's a goddamn
thriving industry that would go away if
we made things legal if we gave people
like you
Ron Dwight yeah you're telling me you
shouldn't be able to go buy coke who the
fuck are they to tell you you can't buy
coke first of all you sell tequila right
kill yourself you can way more fucked up
on my tequila
yeah or no quit as fucked up as fucked
up as heroin and fucked up is anything
else I know I self you know I'm my own
amazingly great tequila I have found
myself puking because I'm an idiot and
got just too carried away and you know
it's probably easy to kill yourself with
to kill than it is with coke you
probably do a lot of coke to die right
it's probably hard to do that coke at
the end when your fucking nose is
bleeding your heart's pounding on your
chest you go take another bump to push
yourself over the edge it's probably
hard in this car face oh yeah oh yeah
right okay
they shot about 55 times yeah no Joey
Diaz alive and well you tried Joey Diaz
is alive and well right you guys do a
lot of coke to kill you especially well
Joey Diaz that motherfucker can never
play dead he can eat rat poison and go
do a show right he'd be maakad death
fuck you cocksucker
I witness ago I went to see him in
Austin he was playing in Austin yeah
yeah watched him just blister a crowd I
mean you know Lister him he's my co it
was it was so much fun to watch
as a guy see him do short sets all time
but I got to watch him do you know is 50
I think he did probably about 50 minutes
or so that it was great we had a blast
try replicating that and this fuckin
sanitized world
right well there's Purell everywhere you
turn the thing is you know you if you're
true something I believe that it is a
comic or whatever if you're true to your
nature then enough people will be
attracted to that that you don't that
the only mistake you can make is to not
be true to your nature Yeah right if you
look at all the great a really
successful comics in in the history of
comedy they they were true to who they
were
I mean Cosby but but you know yeah he he
tricked everybody unconscious so I never
really did that bit on stage yeah I
never really did that bit on stage very
much can I do it on your show dude oh
fuck yeah yeah let me think about Cosby
in Bill Kyle is Bill's defense
explained to us years ago how much he
hates cursing and no one curses more
than a wide-awake woman who's being
raped so it's just joke I know but it
made me cry laughing because it's so
fucked up I mean you look it's both true
and fucked up right it is true yeah it
is yeah it's not endorsing rape that's
why I've never really found a spot the
opening lineup
that's an hour and 20 minutes long so
open with that motherfucker sir you know
what it was always just a mixed review
it made people think it may be yes you
know it was like baby duck pussy lip
tacos you know you either like it or you
didn't like it but you listen to the
next bit wow you made sense though it
does make sense yeah I mean it really
doesn't joke it's just a funny thing to
say well I think we should all should
have known like but with his trying to
control other people he was always
trying to control young black comics and
stop them
swearing right thing that Lee said the
prior prior did you get paid yeah yeah
tell bill to have a Coke and a smile and
shut the fuck up right yeah good
that was it there's a guy that I'd like
to get back in the comedy Eddie Murphy
all right Eddie if you're out there
can't packing the college so hard at raw
you know Rob oh good
delirious delirious was best comedy
specials of all time I think so of all
time and he did his thing so himself
yes Bill Cosby hotels very good you know
a lot of comics learned a lot about
stand-up comedy watching Bill Cosby
himself oh yeah he knew how to hold a
moment
oh yeah oh it was a beautiful oh he
works well you know that thing was
framed like this yeah the whole show was
just his face and no cutaway to fuckin
want people laughing in the audience or
cheesy shots from up here where you
can't see who it is it was just framed
in right just on his face and yeah and
and it was it was gorgeous work just
gorgeous work I've thought about this
many times do you think that those
people from back in that era from back
in like the 60s and the 50s that they
used to drug each other and they didn't
think it was as big a deal like that men
would do that which what we would
consider today to be horrific you know
the idea that you would take someone's
daughter and drugged her and fuck it's
horrific oh we have wits we want violent
repercussions fair that's how violent I
wanna smash but do you think that maybe
back then they were ignorant but they
didn't know any better like you always
hear about people slipping people a
Mickey did they think it was cute
where they actually do like how many men
were doing that back then do you know I
find myself to be so conservatively that
I really can't think outside in that box
you know I didn't watch that documentary
about him taking that girl they don't
know what happened to her too much just
three years old but they were but it
talks a lot about recovery you know and
I just
sick of fucking world is out there and I
can't even think about it I mean I don't
know this one detective had to look
through these dark websites and I'm like
and look at these images you can tun
look at those images you know it's just
a sickening thing at no run they're
having a hard time with that with people
that work for social media sites when
they have to take down videos like on
Facebook and things like that like a lot
of them like they're taking down these
horrific videos like horrible all all
day long these people were just finding
the things that are like horrible
accident it's horrible assassinations
Isis videos and they just taking him
down right you know I was on Jim Norton
show one time he showed me a video of a
gaff fuckin a snake and I'm like dude I
don't want to see any of this shit yeah
Jim no one Jim Jim and that and he's
very very funny and I love to whatever I
do with Jim's fun but he looks at
anything on the channel people loving
the heads off and all that stuff and
everybody just said well yeah look at
this and I'm like the guy's a snake
pussy you found a snake pussy and stuck
is will you ever see a snake egg you
know regular size cock so you know it's
a fucking hole yeah let's find a hole
that dudes have him fucked I'll find you
a hole it can't be fucked fired I love
Jim Norton for the same reason why I
love you he's just himself like he's not
pretending to be anybody he they won't
watch a man fuck a snake he's he watched
men fuck men he loves everything he
likes he likes transgender women he gets
off on it gets he gets cane he's open
about it talks about all the time to the
point where when he was on Opie and
Anthony and the one they were in their
prime it was like one of their major
themes was that Norton is into
transgender women what's that called I
don't know it's called being Jim Norton
right he's happy I mean there's got to
be a name right for yeah just probably
some name some this is probably like a
slang term for it or in this probably
some sort of
you know now I would think if anybody
knew what that was it would be you yeah
I've never heard Jamie you think there's
a word for dudes her only into
transgender women I bet there is if
there isn't we could probably make that
you're talking about or sure there's got
to be like oh man there's now a woman
right right right
not a woman that's now a man well this
should be too right there's beggars
which is a man who's now a woman but
still has a deck and she could peg you
yeah right
she's your your girlfriend and she can
fuck your ass I had I had I had sex with
a woman
there was a she played for the WNBA
whoa she said six three but I know she
was a full head taller than me and she
was so tall she could stick a finger in
my ass
well she our arms were so long that she
could reach around while I was whoa and
stick a finger in my ass and I'm like
let's just go to the church you know and
get this over with
yeah make some gladiator children that's
right big funny dude come on in my
search here I haven't found that term
but I've never heard lesbian a lesbian
man a lesbian man what does that mean I
think you stab at it it's a it's it's a
it's a it's a man who turns himself into
a woman but he still likes women yeah
but he can keep his penis I think I
think that's what's gonna keep his penis
yeah he just likes to be pegged by women
oh not and he's not in the guys I've
never heard that a lesbian man right so
he only likes you you know what I want
to be bisexual that just opens the field
up all the ways I shut it down that
you're right and who's gonna that's like
a IQs that pond to fish from question
not very big not very big a lesbian man
imagine if like that's all you'll put
this bat-signal out I'm a lesbian man
I'm just looking for gals to peg me I
bet there's a lot of them that would
want to fuck you just for revenge
how much of that is women that why is it
that that pretty women don't seem to
have any problem with men like a lot of
them are like pretty easygoing about men
but if you have bad genetics like if you
got dealt a wrong in the stick that's
that is if there's like people talk
about income inequality in this country
and that's definitely a real thing but
if there's a real thing it's like who do
people want to fuck inequality in this
country that's off the goddamn charts
right I mean it's just as men and as
women we just have to we have to
understand some people they have a
unearned tyranny on sexual affection
it's unearned they didn't have to do
anything like these Russian woman's the
people are lying to you about right yeah
you meet them and go Jesus it's just
Russian gladiator genetics and perfect
like model form and you're like holy
shit let me get the fuck out of this
room quick I was on a cruise one time I
was married and and I had rented the
like the back quarter the I've ever
ended the same spot Oprah stays in and
it cost a fortune and I'm mad we're out
on the deck and and there's two big
suites in the middle and another one
just like mine at the end but the one
that was in this one which was also a
real expensive room was this Russian
dude and he was short kind of chunky and
bald but the girl that was with him it
was just a 12 and I knew his second I
saw her I was fucked because there's no
way my wife was not gonna catch me just
at least taking one little glimpse at
explore and then she's going out if
that's what you want you'd rather fuck
her and me
like no absolutely not absolutely not
why would I why would I
that's outrageous what an outrageous
assertion what an accusation yeah if
they only knew how vulnerable we are to
a woman like that it's like that woman
can there's a lot of people that that
woman can like run their life and
they'll meet a guy who's an accountant
who's never fucked to 12 and they'll
start talking to him and basically and
they're doing anything they want to do
as long as they're willing to actually
touch him as long as they're willing to
stick their fucking beautiful times
mouth he's helpless suck on his lips
with Ryan that pussy against us he's got
his ass he'll put your finger on the
base of his taint rub it while you stick
your tongue down strode his dick as hard
as a rock
things have never happened to this man
there goes the neighborhood just back
the car to the house throw the keys in
the fucking yard tell the kids yeah
that's that iced tea so I really hoped
it would turn out this way
iced tea in body count
fuck yeah there's certain women that you
could just run you oh yeah I get it I
married one of them it's gonna be
careful just get you that if you were if
you're not if you're not here's the
thing yeah how much of that like for
dudes who you there's certain cases
where you know it's not gonna work like
god damn it this dude he's like a small
sheep and he married a wolf just a
matter of time before she fleeces him
and gets the fuck out of Dodge and
hopefully he'll still be alive but this
is not gonna work out we've all seen
that before oh I wish I could tell you
this story I wish you could too I shut
this fucking podcast off and resume in
ten minutes okay all right
let me tell you this story because I
just don't want to say it's intertwined
with something right but it's very very
pertinent to the dedications can anybody
go to jail no can anybody get sued no no
I don't think so and it's the truth
okay so I'll just create a fictional
scenario let's call the gentleman what
do you want to call them let's let's
call him Todd Blaker Todd Bleeker okay
now I can't even do it this way I think
people would find out slow down okay
also I'm drunk and I know you gonna rock
on you know and it's my fault
fucking people on reddit they had their
fingers above the keys they were
hovering ready to start searching right
no there is no such thing is a guy named
night
and I will not tell you the story on
this the same but anyway what was
amazing was I saw it happening in front
of me yeah you you know is his wife was
they've been married for a long time and
he didn't look like much and and and at
all and and and there was a kind of an
assistant and that was ridiculously
gorgeous and and so I just looked at
that and I was like you know what this
is don't exactly yeah I've seen where I
thought it was going and and and there
was nothing he can do I mean there was
absolutely he was completely powerless
over this person you know oh yeah like
Gary Oldman in Dracula remember that
like what no no Ryan there was just
hypnotized by oh ha ha yes I finished
shirt in the middle night and Gary old
would be slithering into the fucking
windows as mist right
her body heat with it's like oh yeah
with Kathleen Turner it was the fucking
chair through the window right in the
fucking bat yeah he didn't even want to
use the door to fuck it was Kathleen
Turner back in the desert I mean she
developed some health problems as she
got older but when she was young
holy moly yeah it was amazing yeah it
was long he ever feel like rubbin went
off thinking about me out if you said go
ahead and do it nice nice reciprocation
yeah it's hard when you watchin the guy
get preyed upon when you're watching
like a man struggle with the fucking
spider's web and you're like well hey
man you know it'll be fun when she does
fuck you right yeah all right so as long
as you can stay active right get close
to her don't let her get too much money
yeah careful yeah it I know because you
know the wife had been around for a long
time and it was a contract yes oh there
goes that part of it but I think the
paperwork was fairly solid and towards
the end of like a limit or whatever okay
now everybody I knew a guy was about to
marry gone shouldn't and he was trying
to do no prenuptial and my friends were
screaming at him like what the fuck are
you talking about he's like look man I
don't if it if it doesn't work out I'd
like her to have half and they went what
the fuck it's almost like you know like
you wish you had garlic to put around
you right now you're telling Noah about
the flood so really you're ugly she's
not okay understand this world is not
fair the reality of not fair is you made
enough money to attract her but she's
got a got a web you might get hooked you
might get injected or you might be able
to figure out a way to keep her nervous
right how you do had job you can act
mysterious bro I'm serious and I've like
a book is that how you did a special
book you read you gotta be Moody got to
go on early morning runs well they're
still sleep show powers do any of these
things show powers that I haven't done
what are these things you have to be
different you have to be able to quote
Shakespeare yeah you got to be you know
you got to be willing to give up a lot
of money if you're an ugly dude you got
a hot wife you got a certain amount of
time before she gets bored with you good
lord fucker trainer right her trainer
here right
what I think is gonna happen is within
the net say that exact same thing I've
seen that happen yeah I've been friends
with a lot of people where that's
happened what I think is gonna happen
within the next 50 years is they're
going to be able to eliminate the idea
of unattractive people legitimately
through through DNA right I think
they're gonna be able to do that where
they're not gonna know the world that we
knew when we were kids
no internet no fake tits sometimes
people were just unattractive
no one knew anything about diet and
nobody worked out nobody worked out yeah
when I was in high school it'll be
fucking work dudes would like bench
press and shit you know how many women
lifted weights we were in high school
the cheerleaders were in good shape yeah
for a little while yeah for a little
while and they got nobody no nobody kept
going did rocky really start like the
big movement started - I've read about
it but I don't know how true it is - way
too young dude when rocky came out I
think I was seven and I drank raw eggs
and ran around the block I told services
to loan that I doubt that that was a bit
i 100% did I was like holy shit I want
to be a fighter I started drinking eggs
and running
I ran oh seven years old fuck am i doing
running maybe I was eight had no such a
fake phone knock times at the doctor the
doctor did ah I think we're running was
amazing he goes eight I don't know how
all there was but I remember it when it
came out I've never been more inspired
for something in my life I movie changed
the world people and even understand how
good it was he lives on my street Haley
hey does he
driving his Range Rover with a with a
big cockatiel on his shoulder that's
kind of cool
there is running around fucking weights
at his hand and shit running with
converse all-stars one of the reasons
why I wear them for this day they might
not be all-stars it might be kids it
might be like some cheap Walmart version
who knows but this is a fucking epic
shit in the 1970s what year was this
movie what let's say guess what year do
you think it was I want to say like 79
yeah 76 76 the spirit of 76 was the
rematch
no that was 76 because that was when
Apollo Creed I was at only six I had a
middle ass exactly when one matters
across I believe was Alabama we and he
drove 1970 he drove two Bicentennial
Vega right so it was a Vega the 76 Vega
had said 76 you know some things that
would you know celebrate the
sesquicentennial or whatever was the
noticing probably 200 years yes mm-hmm a
long time that was nine years over this
movie came out and so that's exactly how
old I was
I gotta tell you technique something
good needs to tighten up on a swing let
the way he's thrown punch coach you need
a coach well he got one in Carl Weathers
this was a in Rocky
- right Rocky - Carl Weathers became his
put it was it rocky three three right
because that was when he fought mr. t
yeah that's right right yeah hey woman
he woman since a man ain't got no heart
I bet you stay up every night wish he
had a real man bring your pretty little
self hold my apartment tonight and I'll
show you real man she probably worth oh
I couldn't believe he was saying that to
Rocky right right it was like if he was
saying it to Waterloo Daniels you know
yeah man oh I didn't even finish a story
oh yeah what else so here's what
happened my first encounter with Alisa I
found out that the bad guy
were coming out on one side one dressing
room and the good guys were coming out
of the other side so I went up to the
stands and waited for the super inferno
to come out and when he came out I spit
on him I just spit on it was a big oh I
hate oh I really I did I've never hated
anybody hold important I'm eight
just spit on him and then the cop saw me
do it and they can't got me and they
took me to my cousin and they're like he
spit on a super inferno like you know he
was like oh that horrible and if he
doesn't anything you just keep you and
so but afterwards my cousin thought it
was hilarious
of course he did that's a story I was
trying to put him out yeah the super
inferno you think you get it yeah it's
funny yeah I don't think I've ever been
to see a live professional wrestling
match other than Eleanor Kerrigan from
The Comedy Store well you know Tony and
yes guys they they go do these and oh
yeah you got to go with his I'm like nah
you know alright Tony was responsible
for ten minutes of my last special me
shitting on him for load right right
right it was that River I remember he
loves it yeah he does that show the the
for what does it call for storm and I
before Stormin it's a they do a
wrestling podcast from The Comedy Store
with a bunch other comics who the other
guys find out their names you'll find it
out in wine but uh yeah he loves that
shit loves it he's always like dude you
can watch with me you'll love it it's
the store horsemen all right store horse
perfect with the gentlemen that are
involved in this venture with him fun
show I did it once
Tony Hinchcliffe Johnny's cordis Matt
Edgar and Josh Martin there you go yeah
Chris Burns
there you go there you go yeah they do
it from the basement you've been that
studio downstairs in the basement I did
a podcast out of there fucking great
down there man I love the fact that the
Comedy Store has embraced podcast you
know
the Comedy Store embraces what's
important
always yeah over any other place so you
know what they embrace comedians and
they you know customers really come
second to the comics they're so because
there's one parking lot people probably
not know this but there's one parking
lot holds about 30 cars or something
like that or 20 cars or whatever and
guess who gets to park there the
comedians that are playing that night
they get to pull right up and park by
the door and that is so cool to me and
not only that there's a bar that if your
name is not written on that building you
can't go in it without somebody whose
name is written on that building yeah
and those are the and it's so cool to
have your name written on that building
and go to that bar that's just for you
and and I you know they they have the my
number one tequila and and I can smoke
cigars and not everybody can smoke in
there but I get that one little extra
deal they don't give a fuck don't let
you do it every one there so yeah yeah
in there you know there's a place to
smoke pot they built that they built a
glass piano for prior to snort cocaine
of us because they understood here's
what they understood Joe here's what
they understood the others are the
comics are insane
yeah so come be insane here yeah you
know if if you're crazy we get it we
don't care yeah come be crazy here you
know and then at the improv yet but
Freeman goes going language language
watch your language he fucking say that
I heard him say it and the first time I
ever came to the comedy store which was
probably in 90 or 89 I made a sojourn
out here you know to see what happened
so I don't know anything I don't know
anything I don't have any friends I
don't know I don't know anybody my god
I've stayed in the cheapest hotel room
on Sunset Boulevard which was $50 which
was outrageous back then and and in the
first day I got into a hotel into an
elevator with this huge black
transvestite that was all dressed up
going to a show going to a to a you know
at one of those
big drag queen shows and I was like okay
alright and but I went to the to the
Comedy Store first and they say it was a
Monday night and they fucking put me on
I told him I I've been doing you know
stand-up in Texas for you know a couple
of years and they fucking put me on they
didn't do very well and not necessarily
you know in the set same piano player
you know this nothing changes and but I
would go to the through the improv and
buddy come over to me go and he knew me
because he'd seen me do open mic at the
improv and be the opening act and the
improv and in the house and he's come up
doing rock could you do me a favor and
like yeah but what could you stand over
there because you're blocking away
through here for the like okay okay so
they just wouldn't date the you know
they I was a new guy you know and I all
I needed was you know a a break whether
I deserved it or not they gave it to me
it's a store the store has a heart that
way you know they you know the store is
the art form is primary that's
everything it's everyday you know built
around that art form
d-didn't used to let the agents and the
managers in though he could get a pot
you had a buy a ticket if you like we're
a CIA agent you come see this guy or
that guy Ron white get a buy a ticket
there's the only place in town because
so the agents couldn't just come in and
and run the place like they did in a lot
of places they were commonly would be in
the back of the room talking I remember
I went to a showcase once it was a
backward William Morris put on this
showcase of the comedian's they
represented and they did a club like a
night club on Sunset and Nick DiPaolo
was on stage yeah and they asked me to
perform like you're out of your fucking
mind I'm like there's no way I'm gonna
perform at this I know what this is I'm
like I'm not looking to get hired for
anybody I'm already represented I go I'm
gonna watch okay this is gonna be a
disaster so I go with my manager and I'm
in the top level and
everyone's talking all these fucking
agents and agents assistants crowd
they're not even watching no reason not
even watching run and so I'm watching
these guys struggle on stage where no
one John Henson goes up and then Nick
DiPaolo goes up but Nick was the only
one who said anything about it and run
everybody fucking talking at the top
like these are my fucking agents this is
unbelievable he was he was making fun of
it but it was the Comedy Store would
never allowed that they would kick
everybody out of that room get the fuck
out of here right I get out of here
and they'd they still to this day don't
holler 8:00 that kind of shit at a they
don't breed that kind of thing and also
let me go on record of saying this Joe
I'm not saying I don't like the other
rooms and I'm not saying I'm not glad
they're there and I'm not saying I don't
need them as bad as I need the store
they're they're good solid comedy rooms
and I think they're trying to make the
adjustments and they're starting because
somebody asked me the other day and one
of the other clubs one of the comics
hanging out at the Comedy Store I'm like
oh yeah let me tell you number one you
don't sell my tequila and they do and
and but also they when I come to your
place
I got either I got a I got a valet park
and pay for it you pay me $25 to do a
set they pay me thirty-five dollars now
both of these numbers are low but just
some comics they'd rather have that
other chair they notice the ten bucks
get out you need the money for zone and
in a lot of cases now you have to choose
between those two clubs you know is it
still that way oh I know it was no the
store in the improv in particular get
along really well we get along really
well now and Paige who does all the
booking for the improv is always at the
store and she's good friends with Adam
okay we're all together that's good yeah
I offered you a spot on the show that
I'm doing tonight at the improv if you
wanted to do it because I'm I'm there at
nighttime yeah you're doing a show
tonight yeah I'm doing a show at 8:00
o'clock tonight The Improv you got
another one Thursday night at The Improv
okay other
tonight for Vogue yeah Ron White yeah
beautiful now drunk at my nail it what
happen is the perfect time it's five
o'clock all right bye time eight o'clock
rolls around you'll be simmering you'll
be like braised beef and we're not gonna
need adderall you'll be falling off the
bone
that's what are you putting it into your
schedule it's three hours now
Oh J McGraw your your my whether it is I
love him I had his daddy on the show
no he's calling me now his daddy was
dropping science his daddy his dad's a
fucking genius dr. Phil yep he's a great
guy like people who don't know dr. Phil
he's a fucking great guy you know it
it's a he sent me a text the other day
and he goes I've got this idea
you're gonna think is crazy and so we
meet at the Beverly Hills Hotel and and
I play a lot of golf with doc and I know
him well and have for 10 years and or
whatever who's died dr. Phil oh yeah who
you remember who were talking about yeah
but he said doc I never called the doc
home Phil oh I thought I call him doc
he's dad yeah Jay's daddy can take him
out and plate that's what I said so he
goes all right here's what we should do
we should do a two-man show and and and
I know he's out of production Anna no
he's bored and he's also hurt so he's
had that motorcycle wreck and you know
getting new shoulder surgery right
Brenda
so he's like he really can't play golf
and I was just bored and so it so he
really and and and I would do anything
dr. Phil wanted to do you know cuz I
love spending time with him and in the
end all anything you think he does is a
big success anyway so I would do it but
he really here was his idea
okay it's a it's a it's a two-man show
on Broadway right anything goes and then
you know I'm not sure how it starts and
I'm like okay it would probably start
where the curtain opens and you and I
are standing there
because it's a two-man show on Broadway
that's probably how it starts and he
goes in there we can do a Q&A and I'm
like now we'd have to do something
before the QA doc right because we've
done that before and it's hilarious
right I just as close as we are I mean
that where were born and our
circumstances in life and and and he's
completely under mention Oliva and
fucking beyond me as far as any kind of
success that anybody's ever had but and
what we both came from nothing in the
same part of the world and so we have
this connection that people have a hard
time understanding you know they believe
you and dr. Phil or literally we tell
people we love each other and that's I
mean and and and and to give you a good
example that he took me diving we flew
in his Gulfstream to the Cayman Islands
and I didn't have a certificate or
anything but I'd had one it was just
expired and and and so we went on this
dive and he watched me like I was four
years old the whole time we were
underwater and if I got close to
something I shouldn't you know so so I
know he loves me right I know he loves
me and and and so but there way really
didn't have an idea but I just knew that
I knew that he was that he was bored and
any what to have lunch and and and talk
about something I like let's talk about
it because I would do anything I would
love to figure out something to do with
him that makes sense because we would
because we come off really fun together
and in in in a in in a juxtaposition
situation right and our views even
though we come from a similar background
how different the views are in some ways
and out several they are in some way so
it's fun stuff no we should through your
podcast together we love it yeah yeah I
just did it he just did it like tonight
oh yeah I knew that
hmm now he's exceptional I love that guy
he's fucking easygoing guy to really
need to be around right you know
like comfortable his own skin see you
know as a reason why it's so successful
right it's not like anybody could do
that like look at that dr. Oz guy dr. oz
guy I just watched him when I was like I
don't know what you know he he does
three unscripted hours a day all day and
he doesn't podcast now and dad did his
podcast cuz I also heard during that
ledge he said also I have a podcast and
number one started up and you know I'm
gonna do a few people before I do you
just get used to it and then I have you
come on like well for sure I'll do that
how funny is that he thinks he's needs
to get used to it all right yeah he does
unscripted television along with a
camera in his face all day long well it
turns out he didn't need to get used to
it he was great at it from the very
course he was yeah yeah that's the same
exact skill he talks to people he knows
how to talk to people he knows how to
listen that's the does yeah that's like
what is missing yeah and a lot of people
when it comes to say yeah whereas
playing golf wonder one time when I was
going through a divorce and people ask
me that does he give unsolicited advice
and I'm like he doesn't give solicited
advice even if you ask so I'm playing
golf with him and I'm like doc this this
divorce has killed me it's just killing
me and he goes keep your head still when
you putt that's what he said
I like what you guys keep your head
still when you putt you you're in a
better mood when you putt well but
you're moving your head all over the
place so why don't we start we'll keep
your head still when you putt which now
is a metaphor for a lot of things to me
just keep your head still when you putt
you know do what you do well you know
it's what makes you feel better or
whatever you know but in that particular
case that those were really simple words
and I know they were right off the cuff
and I've thought about them all the time
since you keep your head still when you
putt that's solid advice yeah all right
so it's so it's it's a little to be more
centered B and you know it in the zone
I'm not if you're playing pool to keep
your head down when you shoot right keep
your head down don't don't jump up on
the shot
and that was a follow-through but but
you wouldn't exactly call it advice but
it but it was it was something Ellison
to and continue to think about to this
fucking day it is advice because if
you're really good at golf in that
respect if you know how to not move your
head like that's a discipline where you
can you can apply that to the rest of
your life right yeah you know you're if
you're loose and you're not drinking and
you're fucked up and you're not using
good technique your heads gonna be all
over the place right same thing a pool
stay down on your show right now archery
yeah oh yeah still yeah yeah follow
through
correct follow through it's very
important some more do you try to
control it be all herky-jerky and shit
archery is all archery is in quantum
most zen things I've ever done in my
life surprisingly surprisingly then you
know Foxworthy when he built his big
house in Georgia he had deer set up deer
target set up that he could walk out in
the balcony of his office I have them in
my yard
we had deer problem in our neighborhood
and I said you know what you got to do
just shut the gate and turn Foxworthy
loose in here with a pillow and he would
kill everything in here he's a
natural-born killer you gotta be real
careful people shooting arrows and
neighborhoods they do that in certain
places they have these residential deer
hunting permits where they allow bow
hunters to come in and shoot deer in you
know suburban communities because they
just have such an overpopulation that
too many people are hitting with their
cars right yeah yeah so like this place
is like I think there was one place it
taxes you feed them Doritos out of your
hand yeah they'll just spread it around
your ears a bag of Doritos especially
those high fence places right where they
have feeders set right there's there's a
place in tech in Pennsylvania look up
this is true there's a neighborhood
where you can hunt out here there 365
pigs you're a pig story tell me no no no
no go ahead no I'm done all right
Jamiel Google the Pennsylvania place
where you can hunt deer 365 days a year
all right beside let me figure out a way
to tell the story okay you know Jay our
buddy Jay
McGraw is a TV producer right so they
produce the doctors and the dr. Phil
show and the bull on CBS but they also
have another 10 or 12 shows on any level
of cable and if they can sell it they'll
make it as a TV production company so
the guy that made the movie and I always
screw up his name so I'm gonna have you
look it up that did the movie the about
the kid and which took 16 years to make
the link lighter as the way my saying
right from Texas was a movie they
followed him from the time he was a kid
a dad but the movie took 16 years to
make oh yeah it was called about a
boyhood boy a boy yeah
so in the director was James got a lot
of tabs opens
I think Linklater yeah I don't know so
he he bought two I just want to get the
story right John he bought two miniature
pot-bellied pigs that turned out to be
not miniature pot-bellied pig Whitney
Cummings says that's not real at all
those miniature pigs that just starved
little pigs let me okay let me finish
let me finish all right so he needs to
find something to do with these pigs and
it turns out in Bastrop Texas where he
lives now this is a very famous artistic
probably one of the best directors alive
and he's from Texas he did that he did
the first movie with Matthew McConaughey
about living in Austin and I and I you
know you just give me so wasted on this
show I can't ever remember anything but
anyway Matthew McConaughey with AIDS
right no no no no no somebody so this is
the first thing Matthew McConaughey
really discovered McConaughey in when he
was going to University of Texas and did
movie what I got to start bringing a
friend I mean what
huh Oh No when you just talked about
yeah boy huh no no no Matthew
McConaughey only does silver spare me
the Matthew McConaughey in that director
first movie Matthew what kind of ever
did I think was a stinking few days of
confused old school all right all right
all right all right yeah right here so
okay was it dear thing true yes I found
a neighborhood where it's true but oh
wait okay so you're it and I'm gonna
insert a story all right so this is my
Matthew McConaughey story when I was
moving to Austin I have friends there
that are you know I like Austin and I
got friends but I always thought you
know I'll end up being friends with
Matthew McConaughey and because we know
a lot of the same people you know and
and we both smoked I were both in Texas
were both you know and this will happen
and and I love him and I really like
work it was worried and I was like
that's what we friends it'll be great
I'll be great part of my thing Austin so
I meet Matthew McConaughey had a chariot
event but in in this scenario I have
imagined him saying you're Ron White
you're my favorite comedian ever I got a
hot tub going off in my backyard with a
couple of girls and I got these great
fucking joints and we'll go over there
and smoke pot drink tequila and but what
happened was he went oh nice to me in
any way under me next person and it was
a long pause there where I should have
said I love your work but I didn't
because I already had it planned out
that he was supposed to say that much he
loved me and so I just left a long pause
there and then when it was all over with
us should I didn't tell him I love you I
gotta tell them I thought I loved it but
I didn't isn't a sound with planning so
anyway back to the big story so this cab
finds the pig rescue and decides he
wants to do a documentary about it well
he calls
Jaime McGraw's right-hand girl
right-hand girl right woman brilliant
girl that runs things for Jay and I
remember her name because I'm an idiot
not met her two times but and and says
I'd like to do a documentary on this
this thing so she tells Jay and he goes
we clatter all right yeah so he calls
CBS and I don't even though I should be
telling the story and they say fuck yeah
we'll do anything he wants to do it's
got his name on it right he's like he's
got a movie coming out with Cate
Blanchett they're supposed to win
everything there is and he's an amazing
guy just an artist doesn't care a thing
about anything but art doesn't matter if
it takes 16 years to make this guy's
amazing ID so Jay has this idea of us
doing judge Roy Bean with me as judge
Roy Bean with doing a comedy and or
we're not even zeroed in on what but we
like me doing that character of preacher
hangman bartender right so and I would
like to play the role and I wouldn't
mind finding a TV show to settle into at
my age you know for a while you know if
I could do it but it's got to be the
right thing with the right people right
or I won't do it and so CBS says yeah
we'll do it you know fuck yeah we'll do
it and so they're they're gonna make
they're gonna have a meeting and so Jay
calls me goes well why don't we talk to
about this George judge Roy Bean thing
so I live in Austin right so I'm right
27 miles from Bastrop and and so I go
out there for the meeting and it's in
this little restaurant on a river and
and and they talk about that for a
little while and then we talked a little
bit about judge Roy Bean and then it's
time to go to the pig rescue well I
don't have to go to the pig rescue but
now I'm big you know I really want him
to track this film because I know if he
does it'll be made of film you know
it'll be it'll be a big thing if he does
it so I go 250 pigs well kept and well
fed fenced in and pins they actually
there's a feral pig problem in that part
of Texas
and they have these cameras that are
predator cameras and they they have
footage of these huge feral pigs walking
up to this fence looking at these pigs
going how'd y'all get in here
really whether you lay in the mud and
they bring you food what the how do you
we don't even know we don't know how we
got in here we're just in there and and
they're there any where from they had
some rescues that were little bitty to
750 pound pigs all of them sold into the
same premise that these are miniature
pigs and 150 pounds 750 these people are
so anxious pigs
Alex removed to about 3 up you think I'm
kiddin he bought three up and turned
them loose in the wild and they turn
into pigs what he gonna do well he lived
up in up in the whatever the high
mountains he's part of the problem right
part of the problem ok here you go
so we go I'm walking around it's all
it's all it's it's well done and this
guy seems really reasonable right and
and he's also an executive for a
construction company a big construction
company and this is his passion and
there's alright this is the part I can't
tell ya I understand pigs so and I end
up liking the pigs you know they're
their knives if you scratch them they
they have arthritis - the big ones they
can hardly get around and but it's
basically it's a who's gonna save these
pigs kind of an operation and I'm like
though well do you know the carnita got
wood you know probably pitch in you know
if you wanted to retire you know because
I asked the guy I said what's the where
do they go from here and he goes that's
it
so he did someone adopt someone they get
turned to bacon they know they that's it
they lived there until they die Wow is
the way I think so weird because there
almost dots here I left this part out oh
so we're in the house talking about ship
and and I've had enough of it and I've
got to join my pocket and I really want
to smoke some pot and hang with the pigs
because it seems like that would be
really fucking fun you know just to
scratch on the pigs I'll stone and shit
and that's how mature I am and and so
that this pig comes out of the back
squealing and they go that's Whitney
Cummings pig so she rescued a pig during
the Malibu fires she documented it very
heavily on her Instagram yes Jo - I've
seen her pig I saw it in person that's
Whitney Cummings pigs so they're like a
couple nights later I'm up at the store
and Whitney Cummings sits there and I go
oh where do you see this she drove that
fucking pig all the way across I feel
like two days of driving she's insane
drove a pig in a car for two days - a
pig sanctuary
that's ridiculous it's hilarious dude
that's Whitney Cummings pig that's
hilarious
that's crazy I want to hear more of the
story but I gotta piss so bad I'm gonna
pee my pants two podcasts in a row talk
to this guy we can't just cut the thing
off for a while we could just cut it off
totally yeah is it because it's 5:30
yeah yeah I got nothing to do I got
nowhere to be
I saw how was that you ride until Tony
last night you had a good time there
yeah yeah yeah it was it was just a
gasps I had a friend I'd dinner with
friends that night and in Malibu and
then came out did that set and and it
was it's just a great idea for a show
the kill Tony show if you have a chance
to download that podcast is a it's a
hoot it's it it's so much fun to do it
so they're a live audio sound economy
store and
it's a great premise and I won't bore
you with all the details but you can
just tune in if you check the video it
probably is up on YouTube oh yeah it's a
big it's not it's not Joe show but it's
a big the band just up a little Clark
how many guys oh they were so funny
Jeremiah doing Foxworthy was was it
really what Jeremiah just makes me laugh
it's so hard
everything he does just kills me and
he'll be you know hopefully in my old
age you'll be giving me mercy work
because I tell him how good he is he has
his own podcast - i jeremiah wonders
where he does he does some voices and
whatnot she doesn't have guests you
should probably just talking about it I
don't know that I didn't know that you
weren't on and I don't want to say it
that way but you know I haven't been on
it the I was wondering why Bill Byrd
didn't have me on his show and the
friends that he didn't have anybody
shows him all by himself some people a
lot of comedian Chris D'Elia does it all
by himself - oh really he's had like one
guest on I think was just his brother
for a special but he's done 130 or so
all by himself it's a lot you could do
one pie all by yourself - you know what
I couldn't because her not you I've got
a I've got to save up thoughts for eight
months to do the Rogen show and so I saw
him loyal to the I'm loyal to this show
my buddies huh do you know what that is
no Mitzi shore oh wow
yeah our friend Taylor Taylor boss he
painted that for me well how badass is
that that's an old picture of Mitsubishi
30 seconds cute oh yeah she was very hot
she was one of the most important
figures in the history of comedy one of
the most important figures of my life
for sure that lady mentored me all of us
I mean all of us because yeah that's
that's the only reason the store exist
but the inmates run the sign right she's
the only person that let the in
understood it right a mental hospital
there's that's the actual original
picture of her how great is that
ah it's fucking amazing she's like Betty
White you ever see those titty pictures
of Betty
I was like 21 years old yeah let's
monkey was so crazy and wild it's
alright that she's got her nipples in
that picture all right
she's our friend rose who's Taylor his
girlfriend put a post on her when she
died I couldn't repost it like for any
other woman I'm at might be able to
repost it but she said like I forget
what she called or something about
there's something she called her like
the greatest boss bitch in history like
I can't I can't say that I like it but I
can't repost that right you know just
didn't you just say it yeah but I mean I
can't say I can't put it on my Instagram
you know I'm just repeating what she
said okay but it was just to me it was a
hilarious and accurate a woman can say
shit like that but a lady like current
doesn't look bad a man calls her a boss
bitch okay have some respect all right
it's fucking Mitzi shore but yeah so
Taylor painted for me and hangs over the
studio watches over us
you know I genuinely don't think I ever
met her no no yeah I had those great
conversations with her like man when I
came in that first time you know I was
just in and out and I had no idea what
was going on and and then I really
didn't come back to because like I did a
show in Newport Beach it's a laugh stop
out there and just got this horrific
horrible review did I tell the story
last night I was it was so bad how bad
oh there was a picture of me
I don't even stand to a stand up for my
three and a half years and so then the
guy that booked that room watch me do it
like an eight-minute set in Austin and I
had a killer eight minutes but he hires
me to do 45 minutes and and so I go out
there and I'm nervous anyway right
because it's and that that's a big club
and and the two guys before B were
Seinfeld and Slayton
so right so they've been Ron why it's
three and a half year old booger
eating moron thing and and so and at
this point I don't realize how bad I am
because they haven't read it yet and so
before I'm nervous and they go but
that's nothing Strauss and and he writes
the comedy reviews for the Orange County
edition of the LA Times which is about 6
million people and I'm like oh actually
well I wish he had given me a day or two
to settle in and so so I do the set and
it's not great and it's uh but it's not
bad you know I I think I pulled it off
you know they laughed at it you know
they they laughed at what I'd put
together and whatever it was and I
expect him to be there to congratulate
me on their on how good the set was and
shake my hand and do a little interview
to build this great interview so but it
wasn't there and well okay well then
that next night they there's like a know
little open mic night before me so
there's a in one of the guys I know
Steve apps from Texas is on that and and
then that night I fucking kill and I'm
really drunk and you know and I'm giving
advice to other comedians you know
because I mean my egos just flare and
I'm like I'm probably gonna leave my
wife and go find a girl and let the
county beer posters and they you know
it's amazing and people are patting me
on the back on here man you a really
really good has amazing I am so I'm
staying at the Marriott suites hotel on
the bay which is a nice hotel I've ever
stayed in and you had to pay for part of
it yourself and but that was all I was
making I didn't made ever made that much
money before it was like fourteen or
fifteen hundred dollars and and for a
week and and so it's it's it's
unbelievably beautiful with a gorgeous
view phone bathroom you know two
bathrooms big marble everything big nice
stuff
and they go back after that well the Dow
the review comes out in the next morning
and I get this massive hangover I'm just
so sick drunk
waking up going oh Jesus Christ and I
just I blink my eyes and start going oh
the review the glorious review was out
the review that's gotta be touting my
praises to the masses all over the this
area of Southern California probably the
beginning to my hugeness and probably
what's gonna happen so it turned out I
had bought a bag of popcorn when I was
drunk and I followed that bag that
popcorn trail from my bed out the door
down the hall into the elevator the
elevator I got on had popcorn on it so
it was the same one I came up in I was
just drunk staggering around with a
popcorn bag and I followed that now this
place is just right down the block from
the from the club and when I go to what
I'm playing at a club I hang out at the
club a lot you know because that's I
just those are the people I know anyway
those have been my friends forever so
and they're still my friends you know I
love those so these are people who are
working today so I walk in the door and
one of the girls that worked there
looked at me and she goes don't read it
oh and I'm like quiet I think I don't
read it right it's not true it isn't
true and it's a hatchet job I'm like if
it's a what a hatchet job so I'm like
now give it to me I said I can read it
got you know how bad could it be
so there's a big picture of me this pic
6 million people this big it was the
article was this big it was a quarter of
a page and it said in big black print
even when White's not blue he's not
funny and I dropped the newspaper on the
floor I couldn't hold up a 1 ounce
newspaper because the life it didn't be
sucked out of me and I also
agreed with them and felt like I had
just been found out as a phony and I was
a phony and I didn't belong here at all
and and I picked it up and read it and
and it said watching why it's 41 minute
show so they were nice enough to point
out I didn't I just had to I had to
scrape and crawl to get to 41 much less
the 45 had agreed to they pointed that
out which was like watching a polar bear
lumber around on stage and something
comical or interesting happening only
occasionally now here's why I'm I can
quote that all these 29 years later I
went across the street to the liquor
store and bought a bottle of tequila and
a pack of razor blades true story
I go back up to my Marriott suites on
the bay and set there's this big desk
and I'm just drinking this tequila
reading it over and over and over and
over and I got a big bag of weed and I'm
smoking pot and I've convinced myself
that they're gonna cancel the show
because who would come to a show right
with the review like that and and then
I'm thinking well they probably have to
pay me for the shows I did even you know
even though I wasn't able to finish the
week right so I just I just assume I'm
fired I genuinely believe that in my
heart that I'm fired and so I would I
wake up from this stupor and I got a
drool stain on this fucking article and
a half a joint and violet I mean it's
dismal shit right it's dark dark time
and I walked down there fuck the show
sold out both of them are it's comedy
and fucking 1990 89 or 90 whatever it
was and you know that all the clubs were
sold out nobody gave a fuck about that
fucking review and
they give a shit and then and then I
went on stage because I was still a
wreck though I'm drunk I just woke up
I'm not very good anyway I have no
confidence whatsoever I totally agree
that I suck and I'm not worth a goddamn
thing and I go up there and have the
worst set I've ever had a sold-out house
and it was just sucked I just sucked it
was a horrible and and then the guy that
booked me calls the club and they go he
goes because he read the fucking article
and he goes that's got to be a gut punch
I mean it was long there was other shit
in it too and then it was good and so
then they they they get me on the phone
with him and because they asked them
they said we just want to see if he's
okay and they're like no no he's not
okay he's not okay at all
I'm like I'm really now I'm now I'm
calling my wife going I just want to
talk to you because I love you so much
I'm thinking about the Ducati beer
poster anymore I'm just calling her I
just love you I want to be together
forever and she's like kind of standoff
he's like like she could tell I had a
bad review mm-hmm so that that kind of
scared me away from LA for a while and I
realized then that they were right and I
should have been slapped in the face and
I wasn't good enough to be on that stage
I was not and that guy actually
apologized to me one time because I saw
him later in live and I'm like no dude
you were totally right you were
completely right I should have been
slapped in the fucking fact three years
in you're getting you know I had no
business there yeah and and so you know
it all worked out the you know the best
way it possibly could have been that but
that also included a couple slaps in the
fucking face going you're you know you
know I think those are important I
really do I thinking that in the moment
those feel bad but every big leap I've
made as a comic is after I bombed yeah
every big leap for real like the you
know someone telling me they had a bad
time my show just felt like you were off
like fuck that feeling makes me so
hungry to figure out how to do it right
that's where where it comes from it
makes you you know you realize there's
urgency to this thing and then over the
years part of the fear of bomb
is what makes me work so hard on new
shit fart of the fear is what makes me
do so many sets I'll do two podcasts at
night and then I'll do four shows right
I'll go to the store other to let the
show a store I'll do one or two at the
improv I might even go to the ice house
or the haha I'll fuck around all these
are all the reasons I'm not as good as
Joe Rogan right here I get scared I get
scared yeah you know I do too and I you
know I well I can't I can't tell you it
at 62 I do all those sets but I can do I
do go out and do such a lot of sets and
a lot of guys that are kind of in my you
know in my age group really don't come
out and do such that much and but I come
out do sets and I hang out
you're ageless and I don't think of you
you know you said that one time in the
back room you like I'm older than you
guys and we're like we don't give a fuck
that doesn't mean anything
there's this this this thing is about
comedy it doesn't matter if you're
lesbian if you're trans if you're from
Philadelphia or the Philippines no one
gives a fuck are you funny and if you're
funny that's all we care about we don't
care if you're 90 or 19 I mean I'm one
I'm not fucking now coughs key is what
is she 22 or some shit she might be 22
she's one of my best friends I love that
girl she's goddamn hilarious
she's kid we talk all the time we talked
about comedy we I have her she hosts my
sets of The Improv all the time nobody
cares nobody cares about your age they
care about comedy Damai rare is the same
same way you know nobody thinks that
Dahmer arizo Dahmer errors older than us
no it's Dahmer eras a goddamn comic he's
a monster this is a very very unusual
group of humans you really think about
the people that we know you know if you
looked at the entire population of the
planet there's eight billion people or
seven-and-a-half is that what it is
seven and a half something some crazy
shit how many of those are comics is it
is it a thousand couple value the real
ones how many of them are headline how
many of them can do a solid hour how
many of them have filmed a special I'm
have to three specials Jesus Christ Ron
White you and I are and we weird waters
really was really of us yeah baby 20
you're a maybe 20 of us yeah if that
yeah we don't give a fuck old you are
dude you better stick around I'm fine
dude
I am drunk in the middle of the
afternoon when I've got work to do
thanks to you I had a friend of mine
when I was my daughter had that event in
Vegas and I went down to see you they're
like you're gonna see a comic I gonna
see Ron white of course I'm gonna go
watch him I got the chance
what am I do is sit with my wife and
watch fucking To Catch a Predator or
some shit down there whatever they're
watching television or something I'm
gonna go downstairs watch run white I'm
at the Mirage you know I still love it
still watching it still love it yeah
yeah and it's you know it's really a
it's such a hot band I get into it with
the guys at the cellar in New York and
because they're all like this is the
most significant comedy club in America
and I'm like it's the most significant
hundred seater
you know yeah the idea that that place
is more significant than the store is
hilarious
yeah that's so sick and it's so fun and
I love that's great don't get silly
right oh yeah don't be really don't get
so you're second place by a fucking
large margin right come on son Dave
Chappelle's up at the fucking store all
the time Chris Rock comes by louis c.k
I'm sure he'll be back it's a fucking
crazy place man you're there daliyah's
there Brian count there Joey Diaz there
it's one night and there were I think it
was eight people in the show that make
at least fifty tiles and every time they
opened their mouth and the theater in
one fucking show for $49 come to the
fucking AZ store crazy and watch a show
you know it's not and if you come like
on a a weekend it's not as quite as
strong because a lot of the guys are out
the game girls are doing set somewhere
but
but Tuesday Wednesday Thursday was the
best Sunday it's a you know there's
doesn't like it because we all have to
do what we're doing and we want you to
be able to do it where we do it do one
night the lineup was Tom Segura Bill
burr Bert Kreischer Ali Wong me Joey
Diaz crystally Tom papa
it was fucking crazy it's crazy easy by
time you got to the end of the lineup
you're like the home alone kid like what
the fuck look at this lineup this the
lineups insane it is it is and it's also
what makes it so fucking fun for me and
why it's you know he's you know I gotta
live in Beverly Hills and I live two
miles away and and and that and that's
what gets me off the couch to go to go
live my life and blow the horn and
battery that plays a battery we're doing
a lot of shows of The Improv though I'm
doing two this week I did two last week
I'm doing them all the time what I
talked to them about I'm like how about
I just bring some of my friends over cuz
like we could all do sure like like
Santino will do a set at the improv then
he'll shoot over the store and do his
set I'll do it eight o'clock show store
doesn't open till later on weeknights
easy so we're doing a lot of shows down
there too The Improv was a great club
man it's just the lamps were weird the
way it was set up was weird there's a
lot of weird shit going on well if you
just get the top-notch people and I was
talking to them I'm like click we're
right over there okay fucking we could
walk here it's a mile away what you know
I mean it's a mile of The Improv but you
know if you want to smoke a joint at The
Improv you rock we stand on Melrose yeah
in traffic and smoking weed and that
ain't cool and they're trying to change
that I believe they're gonna change that
I believe they're looking at that yeah
trying to make that go they're building
that area on top it's gonna be a little
balcony out on the roof of the part of
it and you
and I hope they do if they do it'll make
a difference it will make a big
difference
yeah well the hangs not that good there
it's hard and when you wait to go on
stage you're essentially in that far
away
that's why bud Freeman who's got rock
you just stand over there Michie short
was literally like you guys soaring out
everybody sorted out sorting it out she
didn't give a fuck man she understood
keep everybody say let the lunatics run
the asylum yep yeah and and they did
I'll never forget the day she passed me
ever in my life you're really funny
all right you're a pay regular now I was
like holy shit now explain to people
what a paid regular is I don't know well
it's like you made that you got the
stamp of approval you might actually
have a career like I wasn't sure if I
was gonna have a career in comedy which
hilarious is I was on the sitcom at the
time I was out here to do a television
show for Fox I had done I've been on
Showtime already done I'd headlined a
lot of clubs all over the country
probably prematurely I'd really only
been doing stand-up for 6 years but uh
you know I had maybe a good 10 15
minutes I could I could actually do a
real solid half-hour if I had to but 15
minutes I could really kill with and to
be able to do a set in front of her and
she goes you're a paid regular I was
like I'm a fucking comedian I'm a holy
shit you've you've been given the nod I
thought it was a firm aid man even when
I was saying that even when she said I
was like damn I tricked her I tricked
those people in the audience I tricked
her that's how I felt I felt like at
Richter if I get tricked everybody but
everybody tricks everybody in the
beginning yeah after the beginning is
that what yeah it's good that you didn't
trick them those hard hits they're
important Morton stuff eating shit on
stage is critical if you if you you
can't accept the fact that it's a
process you can't want everything to
happen right away and the only way for
you to be really sure that it's not
happening yet is to bomb right yeah
there's no other nothing other nothing
tells you
succinctly that you're doing it wrong
like eating shit on stage right and you
kind of learn a lot from it every day as
you go you know in that you know you
don't really mess around that much with
comedies being you you don't want to
play a football stadium or whatever I do
what's the biggest place you've ever
performed at well bucolic ami ture we
held the the record where the Predators
play hockey and in Nashville and how
many people's not 20,000 and and Elton
John held the record before we broke it
and the reason we broke it as we were in
a center stage in the middle and there's
only four of us doing stand-up so it was
nobody will ever have a smaller stage
Wow
for the Celerio there right right how
could they and that was right before we
filmed blue collar one two uh Josh wolf
showed me a picture when you opened up
for Larry the Cable Guy he will open up
with some football arena he's on stage
and he takes it like a selfie out
looking at the audience it's the
craziest thing you've ever seen in your
life see if you could find it Josh wolf
opening up for Larry the Cable Guy
selfie it's I don't even know if he put
it online he showed it to me on his
phone it's fucking bananas there's
50,000 people there you know 50,000 oh
yeah it was doing he's doing crazy crazy
crazy numbers insane number like and
didn't even talk about it you know there
was a lot of people that are hating on
him he couldn't be a nicer guy he's also
a great pace rhythm and timing one
letter yes you know and as good as I
guess I've seen him just be crowds to
death funny dude and and gifted and also
has done it you know he's totally paid
his dues you hundred percent I met him
in 92 I feel you've known him longer
night holy shit look at that fuck yeah I
haven't played this place look at that
fucking crowd that's gotta be the braska
right so right everybody's gotta be
state I'm in Lincoln Nebraska that is
one of the most insane crowds I've ever
seen in my life
but it makes sense he's got great
fucking timing man and I met him like I
said in 92
I think that the comedy works and
Montreal when Jimbo used to run the
joint and he was a great guy man back
then even back then he was a I think he
was such a radio personality in Florida
at that time you know he's just and that
never the Cable Guy was a character he
did in that and that he would bring in
to a show for one joke and and then I
just took over fucking crazy and people
don't know like he's Dan Whitney he's
like a regular person right regular
comic yeah but he's trapped right he is
Larry the traffic the way she's like to
be trapped right oh yeah am I making
thirty million dollars a year but it's
like this marvelous missus Mazal thing
except he's that's who he actually is I
mean he doesn't have to wear a fat suit
or anything crazy but lowest you know
his dad was a preacher and a pig farmer
from Nebraska and and say does this a
great auctioneer voice where lawyers
sold a little Danny Whitney from across
the street
Wow a preacher in a pig farmer holy shit
hmm speaking of pigs if the pigs just
keep coming back yeah yeah the thing is
you can't save the pigs you gotta kill
some of them you gotta you know what
that hears through the ultimate
conundrum because like it would be nice
if we could have like some sort of
harmony with nature with pigs but that's
not possible if they're wild they're
fucking up a storm they're having two
three litters a year with six to eight
little piglets and they're just running
rampant there there's they come viable I
think correct me if I'm wrong I think
female pigs become viable and yet
pregnant after four months less you're
exactly right that's why they make these
little bitty pigs and they have these
little bitty pigs too and there's a
cutest things I've ever seen in my hair
oh they're adorable
and I said can I pick one up and they're
like they squeal like a pig you know and
literally I picked one up and they like
they made a noise like I was stabbing a
screwdriver into their ear and I'm like
okay alright well they're smart there's
they get scared they're smart it's so
it's a crazy thing because like you want
to love them but then if they're taking
over your neighborhood you want to
fucking shoot them and kill them
they're delicious and there's ocean yes
that's their problem right that's the
whole problem they're delicious
you know how they got into California no
William Randolph Hearst oh yeah that
crazy asshole he used to bring them and
he would populate his forest outside of
his home with wild pigs up in wild boars
ruff go out and fucking shoot them like
so if you go to like tattoo P or any of
these areas that have wild pigs leave go
to certain areas towards the middle of
near Bakersfield there's wild pigs out
there oh yeah that's all William
Randolph it's wild pigs thanks Bill
yeah that crazy asshole he let pigs
loose in California they're everywhere
Big Sur like Hunter has Thompson used to
hunt wild boar and Big Sur with a
fucking machine gun those were William
Randolph Hearst wild pigs that had
populated all the way among coast all
the way up the coast all the way up San
Jose there was a fucking news story from
San Jose where they were knocking over
people's trash cans like a huge tech
community 800-pound pig Mowen that would
be most answer me loud ones aren't that
big the wild ones are like a big wild
ones like 300 pounds the bit really big
on Georgia they're there you know what
happens there though they're
domesticated and then people let them go
see don't look at this up on the
computer don't fuck up my fucking
stories your truth no no I know about
this huge one thing I do know about is
feral pigs I've studied them pretty
pretty closely
why because I'm friends with a lot of
people that are professional hunters
okay and I wanted to know how the fuck
they got so big like there's a video of
there's a photo rather one they called
Hogzilla that was from Georgia it's all
right fucking enormous pig but it looked
it way look at that motherfucker King
Kong hog from Russia makes hogs ooh look
like a baby
see I'm not buying that for that guy
look at the guy's head see that guy's
head
that guy's a mile away where the fuck is
that guy that guy could be on top of
that thinking that looks like a German
Shepherd is away
we have no idea this is a photograph
well hold on let me see that tusks again
let me see the tusks that's a big pig
but it doesn't have to be that big that
could be a 300 400 pound big it doesn't
even say did they weigh it
1117 scales
what would website is this i've got
scales whoops website is it's wide open
spaces hmm that's a pretty reputable
well that's not all there's a shoulder
head yeah first by having at five and a
half feet at the shoulder oh Christ I
gotta see the picture he brought 200 of
these not specifically that one but it
was a Russian boar hmm he brought in
from Russia and they've ended up
breeding with local feral pigs yeah and
they got big yeah well here's the thing
about boars and pigs and all that jazz
it all comes from the same genus it's
all from something called Sioux scrofa
Seuss Gravas all pigs what's crazy about
that is like when you see a domestic pig
and they look all cute and cuddly and
pink and shit right when they get loose
and they go wandering through the woods
they turn feral and their face changes
their face gets longer they grow tusks
their hair gets thicker this one it says
the shoulder height is that how high the
shoulders are off the ground right five
and a half that's so big
that's all I'm three inches shorter than
or taller than that five and a half feet
that's insane that's this tall on me so
me standing out account 5/8 look at this
watch this here's those pigs here's the
pigs shoulder right right here that's
fucking insane that's a pig that high
that's insane that's an elk hogs
Hogzilla was a shoulder height of three
feet that's almost double five and a
half feet tall that's so big but if it
was a thousand pounds that makes sense
because a good elk is like 800 pounds
right no yeah hunters trick hunters
traits back where I don't seize hands do
you see his hands
I don't you say that anymore that's me
look at it listen that guy isn't 1106
area code that guy's hiding he's way
behind that thing you're supposed to be
right next to it and if that is a
deceptive photo when you take a photo
like that that is you doing that on
purpose
well you're supposed to do is supposed
to put your gun or your
or your or your bow and arrow you lean
it on the animal you stand next to it so
that people that know how difficult it
is if people say oh you're true a few
hundred no you're trying to kill a smart
mature animal because that's the one
that's healthiest for the population
that's the one you want to take out of
the breeding cycle this is one that's
already spread its genes and hunters
respect when someone shoots a mature
older animal that's a I'm sure it looks
good right I'm hungry
those are not that good to eat unless
you really know what the fuck you're
doing are you gonna be gonna slow-cook
that motherfucker that one you want to
do low you want to probably you gonna
brine that bitch get them in a big ole
data saltwater with brown sugar and
garlic and let them soak for a while
this article I sort of saying it could
be bullshit could be bullshit I'm
telling that guy's gonna fart away you
got to listen to me first you see a guy
that's that far away what do you say to
a Russian bro is that guys near the
bumper that's a hell of a car lie
abettor pig's head look at where his
shoulders are they line up almost with
the tiny he's way behind that pig in
relation to the size of the car exactly
he's like a third grader exactly doesn't
make sense yeah this guy is hiding he's
hiding behind that pig if you wanted
people to know the actual perspective
you'd lay on the pig if he had a rifle
leaning up against that pig and the
rifle look tiny you'd be like holy shit
that's a giant pig that's yeah but
there's nothing in that photo that
represents an actual perspective you
would have to be standing right he's
hiding he's he was holy bitch you could
see that ain't a five and a half foot
tall Pig
well that picked six one laying down in
this picture yeah this is the only
evidence they have one that means that
the werewolf we haven't not and the
lobby could be real to that where was a
thousand pounds it's even bigger than
this pig yeah that's stupid
that's what people do man people take
pictures of animals they hide what it's
a it's in the hunting worlds call the
grip and grin take a photo you hold a
deer and you look push them way out
people do that with fish too like you
caught a big bass and take that big bass
you put it way in front of you it looks
gigantic right if you take that big bass
a take a look at my big bass
right that's a confident person right
confident persons got that best behind
them motherfucker do you know how big
that is wrong
bigger wrong guessing doesn't matter
this guy's a liar
the guy was holding it out in front of
him he showboating not buying Joe Bowden
that fucking pigs 300 pounds that's a
baby pig that's been waiting Joe Rogan's
her against it
Whitney Cummings pigs brothers and
sisters got lose they shot it so I saw
her right after that I thought oh good
so I'm like you're not gonna believe
this shit to Whitney I have pictures of
your pig just to her on the phone and
she just flipped the fuck out yeah yeah
she's uh that lady loves animals for
real she's yeah whoo god bless her
fiance he's in for a long run of animal
husbandry laughs my friend's wife if she
sees an animal that's dead and it's
winter so bury it she'll put it in her
freezer
oh god wait for the thaw nande varriya
and they wait for the ground to thaw and
then dig all over it Jesus that's deep
wouldn't you wouldn't do that no lady
yeah that's taking it to the next level
you gotta accept there's a cycle of life
you don't have to like just leave it
outside for something to eat yeah that's
what you're supposed to do what I do
well it's there's a reason for that
those animals they need to stay alive to
the animals that eat dead animals they
need to stay alive to right is the whole
cycle just not just vultures rats you
know there's a lot of carry a lot of
other stuff that SCAP interesting is
this show his drunker and drunker I Grow
Meyer lemons in my place and so I look
at the lemons and something is eating
the rind off the lemon and left the
lemon hanging on the tree perf in
perfect condition huh and I'm like well
that's odd and then I see a one little
group of perfectly appealed lemons on
the ground and then there's two more
lemon pods on the tree perfect lemons no
right
and like what the fuck is this this is
yesterday this house this house but
yesterday there's an memory from the
past which I have almost none of but
yesterday and so we looked it up and
it's it's called a roof rat and they
loved it they loved specifically Meyer
lemons which is what these were and they
loved the the ride but they don't like
the sourness of the of the fruit so they
just eat the they just eat the rind and
leave the fruit hanging on the tree and
it's it was just baffling really when I
first thought but that's not they do the
exact opposite with oranges right and we
also have blood oranges and so would
they'll put a little hole in the meat
all the fruit out of and leave the husk
and all the tree was does on the inside
I'm like Jesus Christ fucking dicks so
now when I eat an orange or a lamb or
whatever I'm like throw the rides out
there save the fucking fruit you know I
really don't know why I don't like to
kill anything I have a peach tree I
maybe eight three peaches the whole time
I've been living in this fucking house I
believe in that house it's 2003 these
goddamn squirrels eat my peaches all
right they eat every fucking peach I've
ever grown look at that look at these
rats look at well that's what's left
there they dug a hole in that shit I'd
literally never get to eat peaches all
these things going on in my house right
now okay Ron folks they're called roof
rat I got serious coyote problems yeah I
have no more chickens Tiger I've killed
all my chickens in one fell swoop you
ready for this they killed the last nine
chickens I had to transfer to him them
because my chicken coop burnt to the
ground so we had to get a smaller coop
and you're blaming that on the Chi oh no
no all right
we the chickens escaped and we saved the
chickens and we got them to this other
coop after the fire and it wasn't as
reinforced as the original coop the
original coop I had hired a guy who's a
carpenter to build me a nice coop and he
did a great job and the Coyotes were on
the roof one night chewing at it and I
had a fucking I had a
death perch setup on my porch I had my
Hoyt out there I had arrows rangefinder
I even I even laid bait out in my yard
waiting for these cunts I was ready I
was gonna Rambo ok but I lost my
patience and I'm a busy man so I abandon
the project right fire burnt my fucking
chicken coop down to the ground we put
these chickens and another coop in these
coyotes tour that coop apart and they
did it when we weren't home and we came
home as just feathers they were all gone
all 9 of them there you know part of me
admires them you know part of me is like
these little wolves are surviving in the
suburbs there's trying to figure this
shit out right now man they gonna break
into this thing or die my wife was
getting uncomfortable because you're
basically making your house a target you
know they're on the roof right next to
the house these little small predators
are chewing at the roof of the chicken
coop before the fire happened and it was
like oh that was when I decided to go to
war I didn't fully committed to war cuz
I didn't get I was gonna get a subsonic
22 that's the way to go
cuz that you were here subsonic 22 it
sounds like this pack pack doesn't sound
like anything but it's lethal
I had a coyote but I don't think it's
legal inside City Limits I don't even
think I should be saying that I wanted
to shred it you know with a with a rifle
it's probably like a like a criminal
intent idea but I never really
considered it and I definitely never
bought one but I was ready to fuck one
up with a bow and arrow but now it's
over and they got they won they figured
it out
the fire opened up the door and they
after the fire was they were real
sketchy real loud and because they were
trying to figure out what the fuck is
going on because like all the brush was
gone so probably the rabbits were
missing and the rack of course there
were yeah yeah it was uh it's weird but
came you know came home and see just
feathers everywhere man just feathers
like just like someone just sliced a few
pillows and just shook them all over the
yard like fuck you know we should look
back and and try to figure out what we
should have closed
with that's a good way to close we got a
show tonight Ron White will be with me
the all show sold out all going well
the show is sold out this weekend I met
Austin cap city comedy club that sold
the fuck out to with George Perez whose
goddamn hilarious and Andrew Santino
menagerie there Friday and Saturday
night now damn it now my place is under
construction I'm redoing my house Ron
White intercontinental man of mystery
travels all over the globe homes and
many mysterious locations don't you have
a place in Atlanta - yeah I saw that and
bought the place and and often I like it
I like to move I like what you like to
go to my favorite spots and yeah in
Austin right right yeah you can easy
tell them whatever fun it's advanced
I could live in either/or I need to get
connected to the music vibe in Austin
yeah and and figure out real quick who
you really love to see and sure sure but
I don't like it I like it lanta - and I
love both of them all right Ron white
you're a bad motherfucker it's an honor
fucker
I appreciate you dearly back as you're
back a trick holla
that's it fuckers we'll see you soon
more show tomorrow night laughter - see
you
[Applause]
[Music]